ON_CALLBACK({
  "from": 1,
  "to": 100,
  "total": 273,
  "currentPage": 1,
  "totalPages": 3,
  "queryTime": "0.257",
  "totalTime": "0.785",
  "partial": false,
  "canonicalUrl": "/v1/products((marketplace=*)&categoryPath.id=pcmcat201300050005)?show=name,modelNumber,regularPrice,shortDescription,longDescription,image,thumbnailImage,url,sku,customerReviewAverage&format=json&callback=JSON_CALLBACK&apiKey=da2muhz5qcjjeebx6fytxhqy",
  "products": [
    {
      "name": "Adata - Premier Pro SP900 Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/sec - Black - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SP900",
      "regularPrice": 58.86,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black",
      "longDescription": "The Premier Pro SP900 SSD not only boasts impressive performance numbers, but also offers a competitive price advantage to those looking to upgrade. It is expanded capacity solid state drive which uses new optimized firmware to utilize greater storage capacity of the NAND Flash components drive. With superior NAND Flash, the Premier Pro SP900 reaches new levels of stability and performance, with a 7% increase in storage capacity over common SSDs in the market that use a SandForce controller.High Speed, Full CapacityThe Premier Pro SP900's maximum sequential read and write speeds are 555/530 MB per second, with maximum random 4k write speeds of 85,000 IOPS. Capacities of 64, 128 and 256 GB make this drive an outstanding option for upgrading notebooks that are compatible with the SATA 6Gb per second specification.Support Windows TRIM Command, accelerate data transfer performanceThe Premier Pro SP900 SSD adopts specially selected Flash chips from reliable manufacturers, and supports the Windows TRIM command. The Windows TRIM optimization command can directly delete stored data in the Flash memory and release unused space (Free Blocks) to be used for system writes immediately. This results in more accelerated transfer and write performance for solid state drives, and is also effective in slowing down efficiency decline and depletion chances, maintaining effective operation and extending the life of the disk. In both desktop and notebook computers, users will enjoy an unprecedented high-speed experience when they edit video, retouch large picture, and use computer drafting, reading and writing operations.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710152/1304710152_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710152/1304710152_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/adata-premier-pro-sp900-solid-state-drive-sata-6gb-sec-black-black/1304710152.p?id=mp1304710152&skuId=1304710152",
      "sku": 1304710152,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Adata - Premier Pro SP900 Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/sec - Black - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SP900",
      "regularPrice": 90.80,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black",
      "longDescription": "The Premier Pro SP900 SSD not only boasts impressive performance numbers, but also offers a competitive price advantage to those looking to upgrade. It is expanded capacity solid state drive which uses new optimized firmware to utilize greater storage capacity of the NAND Flash components drive. With superior NAND Flash, the Premier Pro SP900 reaches new levels of stability and performance, with a 7% increase in storage capacity over common SSDs in the market that use a SandForce controller.High Speed, Full CapacityThe Premier Pro SP900's maximum sequential read and write speeds are 555/530 MB per second, with maximum random 4k write speeds of 85,000 IOPS. Capacities of 64, 128 and 256 GB make this drive an outstanding option for upgrading notebooks that are compatible with the SATA 6Gb per second specification.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710183/1304710183_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710183/1304710183_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/adata-premier-pro-sp900-solid-state-drive-sata-6gb-sec-black-black/1304710183.p?id=mp1304710183&skuId=1304710183",
      "sku": 1304710183,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - 240GB 1.8-inch MicroSATA III SSD",
      "modelNumber": "SSD18MA3240-AX",
      "regularPrice": 381.99,
      "shortDescription": "Micro SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom offers complete lines of notebook, desktop and server hard drive upgrades guaranteed in compatibility and performance with your system.High quality components combined with Axiom's industry recognized customer service make Axiom Storage Products the right choice for all of your storage solution needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384380/1308384380_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384380/1308384380_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-240gb-1-8-inch-microsata-iii-ssd/1308384380.p?id=mp1308384380&skuId=1308384380",
      "sku": 1308384380,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - Signature III 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMO3A3120-AX",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom's Signature III MO-300 SSD module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SSD module. Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the Axiom MO-300 SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 80,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low consumption or extended battery life.A robust ECC algorithm and redundant storage technology protects the data. Efficient bad block management and reduced write amplification further bolster endurance. Drive health is monitored using an SSD-specific set of S.M.A.R.T. attributes. The combination of these techniques provides data protection unrivaled in the embedded storage industry.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384267/1308384267_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384267/1308384267_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-signature-iii-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1308384267.p?id=mp1308384267&skuId=1308384267",
      "sku": 1308384267,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - Signature III 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMO3A3240-AX",
      "regularPrice": 132.25,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom's Signature III MO-300 SSD module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SSD module. Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the Axiom MO-300 SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 80,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low consumption or extended battery life.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384274/1308384274_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384274/1308384274_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-signature-iii-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1308384274.p?id=mp1308384274&skuId=1308384274",
      "sku": 1308384274,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Cisco - 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "ASA5500X-SSD120=",
      "regularPrice": 522.72,
      "shortDescription": null,
      "longDescription": "Cisco 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309021/1309021215/1309021215_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309021/1309021215/1309021215_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/cisco-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1309021215.p?id=mp1309021215&skuId=1309021215",
      "sku": 1309021215,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force LS 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F120GBLSB",
      "regularPrice": 59.35,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The flexible and economical SSD upgrade that's backed by Corsair Force Series LS features SATA 3 6GB/s support for optimal performance with the latest systems, and it's backward compatible with SATA 1 and 2 for maximum compatibility. The thin 7mm height, low heat generation, and solid-state reliability make it ideal for everything from desktop PCs to the latest ultra-thin laptops.   Compatible with SATA 2 3Gb/s Haven't yet moved to SATA 3? Like all Corsair components, Force Series LS SSDs are designed to last through several system upgrades. Adding a Force Series LS today means that you'll still get fast and dependable storage performance now, and your SSD will be ready for your next upgrade.  7mm height for broad PC and laptop compatibility Force Series LS has a height of 7mm, so it will fit into newer ultra-slim notebooks and laptops.  TRIM supportForce Series LS SSDs feature support for the Windows&#174; 7 TRIM command. This allows them to store only the data they need and perform memory optimization to ensure the fastest possible write speeds.  ReliableBecause SSDs have no moving parts, they can handle shock, vibration and temperature changes far in excess of traditional hard drives. That's important for desktop PCs, and essential for laptops.  Cool and quiet, with low power consumptionTraditional mechanical hard drives spin at thousands of revolutions per minute. This takes power, and generates noise and heat. Since SSDs have no moving parts, there's no noise or vibration, and the lower power consumption helps keep things cool inside your PC.  Corsair SSD ToolboxCorsair SSD Toolbox is our exclusive software for managing your Corsair solid state drive and maintaining its performance. It's a free download for owners of Corsair SSDs, and it works under Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 8.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412536/1312412536_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412536/1312412536_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-ls-120-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312412536.p?id=mp1312412536&skuId=1312412536",
      "sku": 1312412536,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force LS 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F60GBLSB",
      "regularPrice": 42.64,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 440 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The flexible and economical SSD upgrade that's backed by CorsairForce Series LS features SATA 3 6GB/s support for optimal performance with the latest systems, and it's backward compatible with SATA 1 and 2 for maximum compatibility. The thin 7mm height, low heat generation, and solid-state reliability make it ideal for everything from desktop PCs to the latest ultra-thin laptops. Compatible with SATA 2 3Gb/sHaven't yet moved to SATA 3? Like all Corsair components, Force Series LS SSDs are designed to last through several system upgrades. Adding a Force Series LS today means that you'll still get fast and dependable storage performance now, and your SSD will be ready for your next upgrade.7mm height for broad PC and laptop compatibilityForce Series LS has a height of 7mm, so it will fit into newer ultra-slim notebooks and laptops.TRIM supportForce Series LS SSDs feature support for the Windows&#174; 7 TRIM command. This allows them to store only the data they need and perform memory optimization to ensure the fastest possible write speeds.ReliableBecause SSDs have no moving parts, they can handle shock, vibration and temperature changes far in excess of traditional hard drives. That's important for desktop PCs, and essential for laptops.Cool and quiet, with low power consumptionTraditional mechanical hard drives spin at thousands of revolutions per minute. This takes power, and generates noise and heat. Since SSDs have no moving parts, there's no noise or vibration, and the lower power consumption helps keep things cool inside your PCCorsair SSD ToolboxCorsair SSD Toolbox is our exclusive software for managing your Corsair solid state drive and maintaining its performance. It's a free download for owners of Corsair SSDs, and it works under Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 8.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312582/1312582697/1312582697_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312582/1312582697/1312582697_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-ls-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312582697.p?id=mp1312582697&skuId=1312582697",
      "sku": 1312582697,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force Series GS 240GB SATA 3 6Gb/s Solid-State Hard Drive",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F240GBGS-BK",
      "regularPrice": 198.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 525 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Force Series GS Solid-State Drives: Speed for the real world.Force Series GS solid-state drives are powered by a SandForce SF-2200 SSD Processor and fast Toggle NAND memory for both fast sequential read/write speeds and strong random write speed for impressive real-world performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305162/1305162868/1305162868_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305162/1305162868/1305162868_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-series-gs-240gb-sata-3-6gb-s-solid-state-hard-drive/1305162868.p?id=mp1305162868&skuId=1305162868",
      "sku": 1305162868,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BX200",
      "regularPrice": 75.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Crucial BX200 Solid State DriveEnjoy your computer again.Ever start your computer, then have to find something to do while it wakes up? Your computer should be ready when you are - not the other way around. Make long wait times a thing of the past by loading apps in seconds, booting up almost instantly, and accelerating nearly everything on your computer. Get more done and have more fun with the Crucial BX200 SSD. More than 13x faster than a typical hard drive Accessing your data on the Crucial BX200 is like flipping a light switch - it's almost instant. The Crucial BX200 delivers true 540 MB/s sequential reads on both compressible and incompressible data, which allows you to access files and apps almost as soon as you click on them. Stop pulling your hair out waiting for your computer to catch up to you. Life moves fast - your computer should too. More than 40x more energy efficient than a typical hard drive Since SSDs access data on cutting-edge flash memory chips rather than on outdated spinning platters, they consume significantly less power than hard drives. Enjoy the ability to do more with longer battery life and experience a cooler, quieter system. Increase your laptop's portability, worry less about finding an outlet, and boost your productivity.More durable than a typical hard drive Since SSDs don't use moving parts that wear out over time, your photos, music, videos, and everything on the drive is less susceptible to a crash. Dropping a laptop with a hard drive may damage the small mechanical parts it uses to read and write data, and could cause the hard drive to fail. SSDs can sustain more physical trauma since they don't rely on these mechanical parts.Better value than a typical SSD The Crucial BX200 leverages proven flash memory technology that's been thoroughly vetted and engineered to extensive Micron quality standards. Upgrading to an SSD is one of the best ways to improve your system's performance, and now the price per gigabyte makes it a great time to ditch your hard drive. Start getting more out of your storage.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026670/1314026670_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026670/1314026670_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026670.p?id=mp1314026670&skuId=1314026670",
      "sku": 1314026670,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 250 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MX200",
      "regularPrice": 109.01,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "When the Crucial&#174; MX100 was released, it set a new standard for SSDs that the Crucial MX200 pushes even further. Leveraging leading specs on all fronts, along with new Dynamic Write Acceleration technology, the Crucial MX200 is loaded with innovative features and immediately increases your system's performance.Do more. Faster. Longer. The Crucial MX200 delivers 555 MB/s sequential reads on both compressible and incompressible data, and outperforms a typical hard drive by 400 MB/s. Even better, the performance doesn't let up, as the Crucial MX200 posts an endurance rating that's up to 5 times greater than a typical client SSD.Max out performance and increase reliability. Our engineers created RAIN technology to protect your data at the component level, similar to how RAID is used with multiple hard drives. This technology increases the security and protection of your data to a level that's rarely seen in consumer-class SSDs.Transfer and save large files in a matter of seconds. Competing SSDs typically rely on a fixed cache of multi-level cell flash memory, which allows you to write sequential data at published specs, but only for so long. Our industry-leading Dynamic Write Acceleration technology solves this problem by using an adaptable pool of high speed, single-level cell flash memory for consistently fast performance that doesn't let up. Encrypt and protect your data at the highest possible level. Keep personal files and sensitive information secure from hackers and thieves with AES 256-bit encryption - the same grade used by banks and hospitals. The Crucial MX200 meets or exceeds all industry encryption standards, including Microsoft&#174; eDrive, IEEE-1667, and TCG Opal 2.0.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112763/1313112763_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112763/1313112763_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-250-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313112763.p?id=mp1313112763&skuId=1313112763",
      "sku": 1313112763,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BX200",
      "regularPrice": 151.31,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Crucial BX200 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026687/1314026687_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026687/1314026687_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026687.p?id=mp1314026687&skuId=1314026687",
      "sku": 1314026687,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - m4 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "CT128M4SSD2BAA",
      "regularPrice": 138.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 175 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "SSDs: they're not just for laptops anymore. A simple 3.5\" adaptor bracket can easily and affordably turn your standard HDD drive bay into a Solid-State drive bay. The Crucial 3.5\" Adapter Bracket lets you install your Crucial 2.5\" Solid-State Drive into a standard 3.5\" drive bay nearly any desktop system. This sturdy, metal, mounting bracket includes mounting screws for simple installation. Available as a kit with your new Crucial SSD or as a standalone product.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292488/1307292488_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292488/1307292488_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-m4-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307292488.p?id=mp1307292488&skuId=1307292488",
      "sku": 1307292488,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Boost Pro Micro 120 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "PE236908",
      "regularPrice": 126.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "EDGE&#8482; Boost Pro Micro Solid State Drives (SSDs) are designed to be a direct replacement for traditional spinning disk hard drives.  The result is a faster, lighter, more durable, and more reliable solution. Boost Pro Micro SSDs are both PC and Mac compatible and will work in almost any computer with a Micro SATA interface.Utilizing a premium SandForce controller, the Boost Pro Micro SSD can achieve ultra fast transfer speeds.  In comparison to hard drives, EDGE Boost SSDs can improve system boot times by 5x.*  Fast read/write speeds and a lofty IOPS rating provide fantastic performance gains in common tasks such as file transfers and loading software applications.With no moving parts, Boost Pro Micro SSDs are less susceptible to mechanical failures.  This also results in longer notebook battery life, lower heat emission, and completely silent operation.Security is a critical feature of Boost Pro Micro SSDs, featuring AES hardware encryption that secures 100% of data when enabled**. The feature-rich SandForce controller comes standard with robust tools such as TRIM, S.M.A.R.T., Garbage Collection, wear leveling, and ECC to promote stability and reliability. SandForce-exclusive functions - Durawrite and RAISE - further enhance data efficiency and increase the lifespan of the SSD.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314065/1314065471/1314065471_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314065/1314065471/1314065471_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-boost-pro-micro-120-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314065471.p?id=mp1314065471&skuId=1314065471",
      "sku": 1314065471,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Boost Pro MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "EDGSD-230036-PE",
      "regularPrice": 92.88,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Boost Pro Solid State Drives (SSDs) are designed to be a direct replacement for traditional spinning disk hard drives. The result is a faster, lighter, more durable, and more reliable solution primed to replace outdated hard drives forever. Boost Pro SSDs are both PC and Mac compatible and will work in almost any computer or server with a SATA interface. EDGE offers various notebook, desktop, and server upgrade kits designed to make the transition to SSDs a smooth and easy operation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292686/1307292686_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292686/1307292686_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-boost-pro-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307292686.p?id=mp1307292686&skuId=1307292686",
      "sku": 1307292686,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 1 TB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS1000",
      "regularPrice": 551.60,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010761/1314010761_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010761/1314010761_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-1-tb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010761.p?id=mp1314010761&skuId=1314010761",
      "sku": 1314010761,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 250 GB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS250",
      "regularPrice": 216.10,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010747/1314010747_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010747/1314010747_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-250-gb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010747.p?id=mp1314010747&skuId=1314010747",
      "sku": 1314010747,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 500 GB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS500",
      "regularPrice": 393.47,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010754/1314010754_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010754/1314010754_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-500-gb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010754.p?id=mp1314010754&skuId=1314010754",
      "sku": 1314010754,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "G-Technology - G-DRIVE ev 512 GB External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "GDEVSSDNA5121SDB",
      "regularPrice": 499.95,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "An External Solid-State Evolution Series Drive With a need for speed - take the power of the G-DRIVE ev SSD with you. With extreme solid-state performance connected with USB 3.0, you'll get transfer rates up to 400MB/s. Use it alone or with the G-DOCK ev with Thunderbolt and experience up to 480MB/s for the ultimate flexibility and expandability that today's creative professionals demand.Pros need faster, more flexible ways to capture, share and distribute their work-and from the field to the studio, G-Technology's innovative Evolution Series streamlines digital content workflow as never before. Shoot on-site, transfer to studio and distribute to your partners, all with one system.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313372/1313372341/1313372341_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313372/1313372341/1313372341_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/g-technology-g-drive-ev-512-gb-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1313372341.p?id=mp1313372341&skuId=1313372341",
      "sku": 1313372341,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HGST - HGST HUA721010KLA330-NDW-RC 1TB 7.2K RPM SATA Hard Drive (Silver) - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "HUA721010KLA330-NDW-RC",
      "regularPrice": 150.00,
      "shortDescription": "The HGST Ultrastar A7K1000 delivers one terabyte of storage capacity in a standard 3.5-inch form factor, filling a vital need for high-density storage in the enterprise",
      "longDescription": "The HGST Ultrastar A7K1000 delivers one terabyte of storage capacity in a standard 3.5-inch form factor, filling a vital need for high-density storage in the enterprise",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312952/1312952452/1312952452_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312952/1312952452/1312952452_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hgst-hgst-hua721010kla330-ndw-rc-1tb-7-2k-rpm-sata-hard-drive-silver-silver/1312952452.p?id=mp1312952452&skuId=1312952452",
      "sku": 1312952452,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 1205GB Multi Level Cell G2 PCIe ioDrive2 for ProLiant Servers",
      "modelNumber": "673646-B21",
      "regularPrice": 18391.86,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - Plug-in Card",
      "longDescription": "HP IO Accelerators for ProLiant Servers are PCIe card-based direct-attach solid state storage technology solutions for application performance enhancement. Based on Multi-Level Cell (MLC) and Single Level Cell (SLC) NAND Flash technology, these devices are ideal for low latency workloads requiring high transaction rates and real-time data access.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305801/1305801309/1305801309_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305801/1305801309/1305801309_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-1205gb-multi-level-cell-g2-pcie-iodrive2-for-proliant-servers/1305801309.p?id=mp1305801309&skuId=1305801309",
      "sku": 1305801309,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "A3D26AT",
      "regularPrice": 277.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Solid State Drives (SSDs) are fast becoming a real force with respect to storage in the computer industry. With no moving parts, storage is no longer bound by mechanical barriers to higher performance. HP SSDs for workstations offer overall performance typcially beyond that of SAS 15k rpm HDDs (Hard Disk Drives).",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307304/1307304006/1307304006_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307304/1307304006/1307304006_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1307304006.p?id=mp1307304006&skuId=1307304006",
      "sku": 1307304006,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 300 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "739888-B21",
      "regularPrice": 680.71,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 475 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 250 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Hot Pluggable - 64000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 8000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Gray - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "HP Solid State Drives (SSDs) deliver exceptional performance and endurance for customers with applications requiring high random read IOPs performance. Leveraging NAND Flash technology, they support HP ProLiant servers and server storage platforms. They are generally available as Small Form Factor (SFF) and Large Form Factor (LFF) hot plug devices, non-hot plug SFF devices, and SFF Quick Release devices. These drives deliver higher performance, lower latency, and more power-efficient solutions when compared with traditional rotating media. Plus they fit seamlessly into the existing HP server infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444552/1311444552_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444552/1311444552_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-300-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-gray/1311444552.p?id=mp1311444552&skuId=1311444552",
      "sku": 1311444552,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD9SC120GEDE-PB",
      "regularPrice": 203.93,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "As an HP Qualified Option, HP drives are designed and engineered to help manage data storage efficiently, simplify day-to-day maintenance, and ensure data is available when needed. Trust HP data storage devices so you can focus on more important matters of business.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307296/1307296233/1307296233_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307296/1307296233/1307296233_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307296233.p?id=mp1307296233&skuId=1307296233",
      "sku": 1307296233,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Imation - 128 GB External Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "29642",
      "regularPrice": 103.59,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-portable SSD is smaller than the average smartphone, offering the best in performance in portability. Designed with active business professionals in mind, the SSD outpaces standard USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 drives, allowing you to read, write and share files as quickly as possible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310688/1310688933/1310688933_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310688/1310688933/1310688933_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/imation-128-gb-external-solid-state-drive-black/1310688933.p?id=mp1310688933&skuId=1310688933",
      "sku": 1310688933,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 180 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMCEAW180A401",
      "regularPrice": 140.73,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - Plug-in Module - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "With Intel&#174; SSD 530 Series, your computer will blaze through the most demanding consumer client applications and will easily handle your multi-tasking needs. With no moving parts, the Intel SSD 530 Series reduces your risk of data loss caused by shock or vibration during operation. The Intel SSD 530 Series is specially targeted toward consumer Ultrabooks&#8482; and notebooks, All-in-One (AIO) desktops, next unit of computing (NUC), and embedded designs. In addition to the strong performance gains, Intel SSD 530 Series introduces new low power modes with cell phone-like standby battery life. The Intel SSD 530 Series product family paves the way for thin and light computing devices by introducing the latest M.2 form factor. M.2 form factor shrinks the total storage area enormously vs. traditional 2.5-inch form factor storage devices. You will have the comfort of knowing your data is benefitting from advanced security features, world-class performance, and Intel quality and reliability using the latest 20nm Intel&#174; NAND technology; and all that with Intel's outstanding customer support.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016859/1310016859_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016859/1310016859_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-180-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310016859.p?id=mp1310016859&skuId=1310016859",
      "sku": 1310016859,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMCEAW240A401",
      "regularPrice": 175.11,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - Plug-in Card - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "With Intel&#174; SSD 530 Series, your computer will blaze through the most demanding consumer client applications and will easily handle your multi-tasking needs. With no moving parts, the Intel SSD 530 Series reduces your risk of data loss caused by shock or vibration during operation. The Intel SSD 530 Series is specially targeted toward consumer Ultrabooks&#8482; and notebooks, All-in-One (AIO) desktops, next unit of computing (NUC), and embedded designs. In addition to the strong performance gains, Intel SSD 530 Series introduces new low power modes with cell phone-like standby battery life. The Intel SSD 530 Series product family paves the way for thin and light computing devices by introducing the latest M.2 form factor. M.2 form factor shrinks the total storage area enormously vs. traditional 2.5-inch form factor storage devices. You will have the comfort of knowing your data is benefitting from advanced security features, world-class performance, and Intel quality and reliability using the latest 20nm Intel&#174; NAND technology; and all that with Intel's outstanding customer support.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016873/1310016873_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016873/1310016873_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310016873.p?id=mp1310016873&skuId=1310016873",
      "sku": 1310016873,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 320 Series SSDSA2CW120G3 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSA2CW120G3",
      "regularPrice": 205.25,
      "shortDescription": "1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 320 SSDSA2CW120G3 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306998/1306998053/1306998053_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306998/1306998053/1306998053_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-320-series-ssdsa2cw120g3-mlc-solid-state-drive/1306998053.p?id=mp1306998053&skuId=1306998053",
      "sku": 1306998053,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 320 Series SSDSA2CW600G3 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSA2CW600G3",
      "regularPrice": 529.24,
      "shortDescription": "1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 320 SSDSA2CW600G3 600 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307778/1307778890/1307778890_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307778/1307778890/1307778890_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-320-series-ssdsa2cw600g3-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307778890.p?id=mp1307778890&skuId=1307778890",
      "sku": 1307778890,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 535 Series 240GB Internal SATA Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "BBSSDSC240H6R5",
      "regularPrice": 134.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA 6 Gbps interface; M.2 form factor; NAND technology; up to 540MB/sec. sequential read speeds; up to 490MB/sec. sequential write speeds",
      "longDescription": "With 240GB of storage capacity, this Intel 535 Series BBSSDSC240H6R5 solid state drive allows you to expand the storage of your laptop or desktop and efficiently manage a variety of tasks. The M.2 form factor saves space without sacrificing performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8591/8591148_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8591/8591148_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-535-series-240gb-internal-sata-solid-state-drive-silver/8591148.p?id=1219693612383&skuId=8591148&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 8591148,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP240G410",
      "regularPrice": 269.85,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 270 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 86000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 56000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has ArrivedThe Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709058/1310709058_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709058/1310709058_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310709058.p?id=mp1310709058&skuId=1310709058",
      "sku": 1310709058,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP480G4R5",
      "regularPrice": 364.46,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 89000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 74000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack - Retail - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has Arrived The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive (Intel&#174; SSD) 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.   Equip your next build with an Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series and get:Optimized Performance. We specially qualified components and pushed factory performance tuning limits by boosting the controller speed by 50 percent and NAND bus speed 20 percent. The result, 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads.Data Center DNA. Gain extreme endurance-up to 70 GB of writes per day compared to the industry typical 20 GB per day-and enjoy peace-of-mind dependability throughout the life of the drive with advanced firmware algorithms, delivering performance consistency across all data types.RAID Performance Scaling. Achieve extreme storage performance for the most demanding usage models with RAID 0 configurations combining two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives with an Intel&#174; platform supporting Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology for throughput exceeding 1,000 MB/s.Quality and Reliability. 3rd generation Intel controller, optimized Intel firmware, and 20nm NAND technology provide dependable up-time for intensive storage workloads-backed by a limited five-year warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412512/1312412512_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412512/1312412512_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312412512.p?id=mp1312412512&skuId=1312412512",
      "sku": 1312412512,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP480G410",
      "regularPrice": 527.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 89000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 74000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "To unseat the competition or speed a design to market, you need new levels of optimized storage performance. The Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series delivers uncompromised performance by combining factory-tuned components with Data Center DNA.We factory overclocked the controller by 50% and the NAND by 20% resulting in 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads. To unleash higher levels of performance and remove storage bottlenecks, put two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives in RAID 0 along with Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology to achieve throughput of >1GB/s.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709065/1310709065_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709065/1310709065_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310709065.p?id=mp1310709065&skuId=1310709065",
      "sku": 1310709065,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC1NB400G401",
      "regularPrice": 441.47,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 11000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016842/1310016842_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016842/1310016842_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-400-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310016842.p?id=mp1310016842&skuId=1310016842",
      "sku": 1310016842,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 80 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB080G401",
      "regularPrice": 106.78,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310082/1310082922/1310082922_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310082/1310082922/1310082922_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-80-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310082922.p?id=mp1310082922&skuId=1310082922",
      "sku": 1310082922,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB300G401",
      "regularPrice": 289.66,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308861/1308861126/1308861126_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308861/1308861126/1308861126_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1308861126.p?id=mp1308861126&skuId=1308861126",
      "sku": 1308861126,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB240G401",
      "regularPrice": 257.54,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290063/1308290063_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290063/1308290063_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1308290063.p?id=mp1308290063&skuId=1308290063",
      "sku": 1308290063,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB600G401",
      "regularPrice": 590.90,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309109/1309109241/1309109241_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309109/1309109241/1309109241_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1309109241.p?id=mp1309109241&skuId=1309109241",
      "sku": 1309109241,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC1NA400G301",
      "regularPrice": 777.03,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 45000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Intel DC S3700 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 45000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310708/1310708273/1310708273_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310708/1310708273/1310708273_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-400-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310708273.p?id=mp1310708273&skuId=1310708273",
      "sku": 1310708273,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 400 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BA400G301",
      "regularPrice": 804.20,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Feed your I/O-starved applications with outstanding performance, extended endurance, and consistently low latency.The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive DC S3700 Series offers the next generation of data center SSDs combining fast, consistent performance with high endurance and strong data protection.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940428/1305940428_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940428/1305940428_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-400-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1305940428.p?id=mp1305940428&skuId=1305940428",
      "sku": 1305940428,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BA100G301",
      "regularPrice": 205.46,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 200 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Intel DC S3700 100 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 200 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940411/1305940411_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940411/1305940411_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-solid-state-drive-silver/1305940411.p?id=mp1305940411&skuId=1305940411",
      "sku": 1305940411,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Pro 2500 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BF480H501",
      "regularPrice": 221.14,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Intel Pro 2500 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412529/1312412529_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412529/1312412529_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-pro-2500-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1312412529.p?id=mp1312412529&skuId=1312412529",
      "sku": 1312412529,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BW240A401",
      "regularPrice": 167.48,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290087/1308290087_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290087/1308290087_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-solid-state-drive/1308290087.p?id=mp1308290087&skuId=1308290087",
      "sku": 1308290087,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Solid-State Drive 730 Series",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP240G4R5",
      "regularPrice": 201.12,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 270 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 86000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 56000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack - Retail",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has Arrived The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive (Intel&#174; SSD) 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.Equip your next build with an Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series and get: Optimized Performance. We specially qualified components and pushed factory performance tuning limits by boosting the controller speed by 50 percent and NAND bus speed 20 percent. The result, 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads. Data Center DNA. Gain extreme endurance-up to 70 GB of writes per day compared to the industry typical 20 GB per day-and enjoy peace-of-mind dependability throughout the life of the drive with advanced firmware algorithms, delivering performance consistency across all data types. RAID Performance Scaling. Achieve extreme storage performance for the most demanding usage models with RAID 0 configurations combining two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives with an Intel&#174; platform supporting Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology for throughput exceeding 1,000 MB/s. Quality and Reliability. 3rd generation Intel controller, optimized Intel firmware, and 20nm NAND technology provide dependable up-time for intensive storage workloads-backed by a limited five-year warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444033/1311444033_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444033/1311444033_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-solid-state-drive-730-series/1311444033.p?id=mp1311444033&skuId=1311444033",
      "sku": 1311444033,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - Defender SSD Hardware Encrypted Secure USB3.0 External Solid State Drive 256G",
      "modelNumber": "KDH3B-256SSD",
      "regularPrice": 317.32,
      "shortDescription": "Hardware Encrypted, Secure, USB 3.0, TAA Compliant",
      "longDescription": "The Defender SSD&#8482; is the world's most advanced, secure, hardware encrypted solid state drive. Well beyond simple password protection, it is a super fast USB3.0 SSD designed to meet and exceed rigorous government, healthcare and financial industry security regulations. The Defender SSD is easy to use, tamper-proof, and includes the option of being remotely manageable from anywhere in the world.This product is TAA Compliant",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305523/1305523485/1305523485_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305523/1305523485/1305523485_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-defender-ssd-hardware-encrypted-secure-usb3-0-external-solid-state-drive-256g/1305523485.p?id=mp1305523485&skuId=1305523485",
      "sku": 1305523485,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - Mobile Workspace Windows to Go Certified 64GB - Black",
      "modelNumber": "KWTG100-64G",
      "regularPrice": 133.76,
      "shortDescription": "64 GBUSB 3.0 - Black - Windows To Go Certified",
      "longDescription": "Carry your own Windows 8, 8.1, or 10 OS everywhere you go in a convenient USB flash drive! Boot Windows To Go on any PC anywhere with all of your desktop resources and functionality. The Microsoft Certified, Kanguru Mobile WorkSpace&#8482; Windows To Go flash drive transforms any PC into your own personal workspace environment to conveniently get work done anywhere you go.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314413/1314413449/1314413449_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314413/1314413449/1314413449_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-mobile-workspace-windows-to-go-certified-64gb-black/1314413449.p?id=mp1314413449&skuId=1314413449",
      "sku": 1314413449,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - QSSD External SSD USB3.0 256G",
      "modelNumber": "QSSD-2H",
      "regularPrice": 199.95,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - 130 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 100 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate, TAA Compliant",
      "longDescription": "The new USB3.0, external SSD puts high speed innovation in the palm of your hand. This USB3.0 Solid State Drive combines the fastest USB3.0 connectivity and Solid State technology into a lightweight, easy-to-carry storage solution.This product is TAA Compliant",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307293/1307293942/1307293942_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307293/1307293942/1307293942_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-qssd-external-ssd-usb3-0-256g/1307293942.p?id=mp1307293942&skuId=1307293942",
      "sku": 1307293942,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX 3K 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops/Desktops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SH103S3B/240G",
      "regularPrice": 149.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; SandForce DuraClass technology; SandForce SF-2281 controller; aluminum case; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "This Kingston Technology HyperX 3K solid state drive's 240GB capacity provides plenty of storage space for your photos, videos and documents. A SandForce controller helps enhance your multitasking capability and speeds up downloads, transfers and syncs.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/5984/5984154_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/5984/5984154_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-3k-240gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-desktops-black/5984154.p?id=1218710468940&skuId=5984154",
      "sku": 5984154,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.4"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2H/240G",
      "regularPrice": 214.48,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002583/1313002583_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002583/1313002583_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002583.p?id=mp1313002583&skuId=1313002583",
      "sku": 1313002583,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 480 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2H/480G",
      "regularPrice": 435.45,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002590/1313002590_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002590/1313002590_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-480-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002590.p?id=mp1313002590&skuId=1313002590",
      "sku": 1313002590,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 480 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2/480G",
      "regularPrice": 423.72,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002576/1313002576_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002576/1313002576_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-480-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002576.p?id=mp1313002576&skuId=1313002576",
      "sku": 1313002576,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 97.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002729/1313002729_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002729/1313002729_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002729.p?id=mp1313002729&skuId=1313002729",
      "sku": 1313002729,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 74.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 350MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "With rapid data transfer rates, this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/120G internal solid state drive ensures ideal performance even as the drive is filled. Convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop with the included adapter.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730700_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730700_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730700.p?id=1219809793919&skuId=4730700",
      "sku": 4730700,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 93.74,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 350MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "With rapid data transfer rates, this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/120G internal solid state drive ensures ideal performance even as the drive is filled. Convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop with the included adapter.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002682/1313002682_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002682/1313002682_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002682.p?id=mp1313002682&skuId=1313002682",
      "sku": 1313002682,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 126.15,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002736/1313002736_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002736/1313002736_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002736.p?id=mp1313002736&skuId=1313002736",
      "sku": 1313002736,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 98.22,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 510MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy rapid data transfers even when this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/240G internal solid state drive is filled for ideal performance. Use the included adapter to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for simple use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002699/1313002699_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002699/1313002699_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002699.p?id=mp1313002699&skuId=1313002699",
      "sku": 1313002699,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 109.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 510MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy rapid data transfers even when this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/240G internal solid state drive is filled for ideal performance. Use the included adapter to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for simple use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730701_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730701_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730701.p?id=1219809794177&skuId=4730701",
      "sku": 4730701,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 210.85,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002743/1313002743_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002743/1313002743_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002743.p?id=mp1313002743&skuId=1313002743",
      "sku": 1313002743,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 189.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 500MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Even as this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/480G internal solid state drive fills up, rapid data transfer rates ensure ideal performance. The included adapter makes it simple to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730800_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730800_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730800.p?id=1219809797102&skuId=4730800",
      "sku": 4730800,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 262.09,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 500MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Even as this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/480G internal solid state drive fills up, rapid data transfer rates ensure ideal performance. The included adapter makes it simple to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002705/1313002705_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002705/1313002705_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002705.p?id=mp1313002705&skuId=1313002705",
      "sku": 1313002705,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 960 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/960G",
      "regularPrice": 433.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002750/1313002750_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002750/1313002750_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-960-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002750.p?id=mp1313002750&skuId=1313002750",
      "sku": 1313002750,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - Kingston RA1072M Kingston Digital  240 GB SSDNow KC300 SATA 3 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive with Adapter - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 114.86,
      "shortDescription": "One of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market.  Advanced data integrity protection built in.  Enterprise-grade SMART attributes allow for easy drive monitoring.  Advanced Power Management - extends notebook battery life during typical",
      "longDescription": "One of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market.  Advanced data integrity protection built in.  Enterprise-grade SMART attributes allow for easy drive monitoring.  Advanced Power Management - extends notebook battery life during typical computing session.  Durable - Dura Write intelligent compression engine extends the life of the SSD. SATA Rev. 3.0 (6Gb/s) - with backwards compatibility to SATA Rev. 2.0.  Sequential Reads SATA Rev. 3.0 525MB/s - Sequential Writes SATA Rev. 3.0 500MB/s.  2.5IN 7MM HEIGHT W/ADAPTER.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206728/1309206728_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206728/1309206728_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-kingston-ra1072m-kingston-digital-240-gb-ssdnow-kc300-sata-3-2-5-inch-solid-state-drive-with-adapter-multicolor/1309206728.p?id=mp1309206728&skuId=1309206728",
      "sku": 1309206728,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3D7/120G 120GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/120G",
      "regularPrice": 68.03,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 120GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Desktop Upgrade Kit - SV300S3D7/120G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Desktop Upgrade Kit Includes3.5\" Bracket & Mounting ScrewsSATA Data & Power CablesHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502107/1305502107_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502107/1305502107_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3d7-120g-120gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii/1305502107.p?id=mp1305502107&skuId=1305502107",
      "sku": 1305502107,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3D7/60G 60GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III 2.5IN",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/60G",
      "regularPrice": 72.66,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 60GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Desktop Upgrade Kit - SV300S3D7/60G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Desktop Upgrade Kit Includes3.5\" Bracket & Mounting ScrewsSATA Data & Power CablesHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502084/1305502084_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502084/1305502084_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3d7-60g-60gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii-2-5in/1305502084.p?id=mp1305502084&skuId=1305502084",
      "sku": 1305502084,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3N7A/120G 120GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 68.51,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 120GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Notebook Upgrade Kit - SV300S3N7A/120G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Notebook Upgrade Kit Includes2.5\" USB Enclosure7mm to 9.5mm adapterHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502114/1305502114_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502114/1305502114_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3n7a-120g-120gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii/1305502114.p?id=mp1305502114&skuId=1305502114",
      "sku": 1305502114,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3N7A/60G 60GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III 2.5IN",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/60G",
      "regularPrice": 72.63,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 60GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Notebook Upgrade Kit - SV300S3N7A/60G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Notebook Upgrade Kit Includes2.5\" USB Enclosure7mm to 9.5mm adapterHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502091/1305502091_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502091/1305502091_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3n7a-60g-60gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii-2-5in/1305502091.p?id=mp1305502091&skuId=1305502091",
      "sku": 1305502091,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 180 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 112.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206711/1309206711_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206711/1309206711_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-180-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309206711.p?id=mp1309206711&skuId=1309206711",
      "sku": 1309206711,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 200 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "E100",
      "regularPrice": 1111.61,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295748/1307295748_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295748/1307295748_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-200-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1307295748.p?id=mp1307295748&skuId=1307295748",
      "sku": 1307295748,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "E50",
      "regularPrice": 218.51,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 48000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 72000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Gray - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Increase IOPs without sacrificing data integrity.   Kingston's SSDNow E50 features high IOPs and bandwidth performance to solve I/O latencies and bottlenecks and increase your server's performance. E50's 6Gbps SATA interface provides max bandwidth over 500MB/s read/write. This drive is built with MLC Sync NAND and is rated at 60,000 read/write IOPS versus an average IOPS rating of 300 for a 15K SAS HDD.   E50's advanced data integrity protection gives you peace of mind by ensuring a longer life for your data and your drive. DuraWrite&#8482; extends the life of the SSD by efficiently reducing the Flash writes without sacrificing data integrity. RAISE&#8482; technology provides superior protection against uncorrectable errors, while overprovisioning and advanced wear-leveling ensure consistent performance and wear over the life of the drive.   SSDNow E50 also features intelligent power failure protection to prevent data loss in case of a power failure. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309726/1309726998/1309726998_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309726/1309726998/1309726998_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-gray/1309726998.p?id=mp1309726998&skuId=1309726998",
      "sku": 1309726998,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "E50",
      "regularPrice": 342.29,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 530 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 53000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 32000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Black, Gray, Red, White - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Increase IOPs without sacrificing data integrity.   Kingston's SSDNow E50 features high IOPs and bandwidth performance to solve I/O latencies and bottlenecks and increase your server's performance. E50's 6Gbps SATA interface provides max bandwidth over 500MB/s read/write. This drive is built with MLC Sync NAND and is rated at 60,000 read/write IOPS versus an average IOPS rating of 300 for a 15K SAS HDD.   E50's advanced data integrity protection gives you peace of mind by ensuring a longer life for your data and your drive. DuraWrite&#8482; extends the life of the SSD by efficiently reducing the Flash writes without sacrificing data integrity. RAISE&#8482; technology provides superior protection against uncorrectable errors, while overprovisioning and advanced wear-leveling ensure consistent performance and wear over the life of the drive.   SSDNow E50 also features intelligent power failure protection to prevent data loss in case of a power failure. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309712/1309712137/1309712137_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309712/1309712137/1309712137_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309712137.p?id=mp1309712137&skuId=1309712137",
      "sku": 1309712137,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313278/1313278568/1313278568_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313278/1313278568/1313278568_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313278568.p?id=mp1313278568&skuId=1313278568",
      "sku": 1313278568,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040648/1311040648_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040648/1311040648_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311040648.p?id=mp1311040648&skuId=1311040648",
      "sku": 1311040648,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 59.14,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040631/1311040631_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040631/1311040631_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311040631.p?id=mp1311040631&skuId=1311040631",
      "sku": 1311040631,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow E100 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SE100S37/100G",
      "regularPrice": 609.08,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295731/1307295731_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295731/1307295731_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-e100-drive/1307295731.p?id=mp1307295731&skuId=1307295731",
      "sku": 1307295731,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow E100 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SE100S37/400G",
      "regularPrice": 1148.41,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295755/1307295755_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295755/1307295755_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-e100-drive/1307295755.p?id=mp1307295755&skuId=1307295755",
      "sku": 1307295755,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC300 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 99.29,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge. KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206735/1309206735_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206735/1309206735_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc300-solid-state-drive/1309206735.p?id=mp1309206735&skuId=1309206735",
      "sku": 1309206735,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC300 Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 145.17,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308445/1308445029/1308445029_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308445/1308445029/1308445029_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc300-solid-state-drive-multi/1308445029.p?id=mp1308445029&skuId=1308445029",
      "sku": 1308445029,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC380 480 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - White",
      "modelNumber": "SKC380S3/480G",
      "regularPrice": 413.94,
      "shortDescription": "Micro SATA - 530 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 340 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 21000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 13000IOPS Random 4KB Write - White, Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Big SSD performance in a small SSD case. Kingston's SSDNow KC380 1.8\" solid-state drive features a small case form factor that fits in notebooks, sub-notebooks, tablet PCs and netbooks with a smaller physical device storage footprint. Lighter than a traditional hard drive, it lets users take advantage of the durability, reliability and performance improvements of Flash memory in systems currently using 1.8\" hard drives and is the ultimate hard drive replacement.    KC380 consumes less power and generates less heat than a traditional HDD - at a fraction of the cost of a new system. It offers advanced data integrity protection and an award-winning SandForce&#174; second-generation SSD processor with DuraClassTM technology. DuraClass features include DuraWriteTM and advanced wear-levelling to extend the life of the drive, and garbage collection and over-provisioning for consistent performance and a longer life for your SSD and your data.   KC380 is backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313006/1313006055/1313006055_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313006/1313006055/1313006055_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc380-480-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-white/1313006055.p?id=mp1313006055&skuId=1313006055",
      "sku": 1313006055,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow mS200",
      "modelNumber": "mS200",
      "regularPrice": 30.80,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Save space, time and money.Kingston's SSDNow mS200 mSATA solid-state drive offers a costeffective performance boost with a dual-drive option that allows room for adding high-capacity storage. Ideal for system builders, OEMs and enthusiasts, the mS200's ruggedly-cool, miniscule form factor is eight times smaller than a traditional 2.5-inch hard drive, making it perfect for notebooks, tablets and Ultrabooks. mS200 is available in capacities of up to 120GB and features a caseless, PCB-only design with no moving parts. It's backed by a three-year warranty (the 30GB offers a two-year warranty), free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308875/1308875123/1308875123_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308875/1308875123/1308875123_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-ms200/1308875123.p?id=mp1308875123&skuId=1308875123",
      "sku": 1308875123,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow mS200 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "mS200",
      "regularPrice": 39.05,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Save space, time and money.Kingston's SSDNow mS200 mSATA solid-state drive offers a costeffective performance boost with dual-drive option that allows room for adding high-capacity storage. Ideal for system builders, OEMs and enthusiasts, the mS200's ruggedly-cool, miniscule form factor is eight times smaller than a traditional 2.5\" hard drive, making it perfect for notebooks, tablets and Ultrabooks. Available in capacities of up to 120GB, the mS200 SSD has a caseless, PCB-only design with no moving parts and is backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825807/1308825807_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825807/1308825807_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-ms200-solid-state-drive/1308825807.p?id=mp1308825807&skuId=1308825807",
      "sku": 1308825807,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow S200 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SS200S3/30G",
      "regularPrice": 45.60,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 100 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "SSDNow S200 DriveKingston's SSDNow S200 increases speeds and reliability in non-PC applications. This commercial-grade, low-capacity solid-state drive is available in cased and caseless form factors. Bootable and silent with no moving parts, it runs cool. It's perfect for design-in for non-traditional PC applications such as toll booths, digital kiosks and signage and ATMs, as an alternative to compact Flash or hard drive-based solutions. SSDNow S200 is cost-efficient and available globally. It's backed by a two-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825791/1308825791_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825791/1308825791_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-s200-drive/1308825791.p?id=mp1308825791&skuId=1308825791",
      "sku": 1308825791,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 67.44,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 120GB capacity, this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/120G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive makes it easy to expand your laptop's or desktop's storage space. Silent, cool operation ensures enhanced performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382952/1305382952_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382952/1305382952_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-120gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1305382952.p?id=mp1305382952&skuId=1305382952",
      "sku": 1305382952,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 64.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 120GB capacity, this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/120G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive makes it easy to expand your laptop's or desktop's storage space. Silent, cool operation ensures enhanced performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8844/8844412_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8844/8844412_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-120gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/8844412.p?id=1218911733212&skuId=8844412",
      "sku": 8844412,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 118.74,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; helps improve application loading and system start-up; silent and cool operation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.; includes adapter",
      "longDescription": "Improve your laptop's or desktop's performance with this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/240G solid state drive, which features a 240GB capacity for storing files and enhancing start-up. The Serial ATA III interface enables simple installation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940473/1305940473_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940473/1305940473_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-240gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1305940473.p?id=mp1305940473&skuId=1305940473",
      "sku": 1305940473,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 480GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 144.76,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 480GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy responsive performance with this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/480G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive, which delivers data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec. for efficient operation. The 480GB capacity accommodates your media files.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206919/1309206919_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206919/1309206919_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-480gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1309206919.p?id=mp1309206919&skuId=1309206919",
      "sku": 1309206919,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/60G",
      "regularPrice": 51.88,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's SSDNow V300 solid-state drive is a cost-effective way to revive your computer. It's 10x faster than a hard drive plus more reliable, more durable and shock-proof. It features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and best-in-class components, and is available in kits with all the accessories needed for an effortless transition to the latest technology. For added peace of mind, it's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382945/1305382945_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382945/1305382945_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1305382945.p?id=mp1305382945&skuId=1305382945",
      "sku": 1305382945,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 Solid Sate Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 99.07,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston&#174; SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940497/1305940497_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940497/1305940497_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-solid-sate-drive/1305940497.p?id=mp1305940497&skuId=1305940497",
      "sku": 1305940497,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 Solid Sate Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/240G",
      "regularPrice": 98.96,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston&#174; SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940480/1305940480_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940480/1305940480_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-solid-sate-drive/1305940480.p?id=mp1305940480&skuId=1305940480",
      "sku": 1305940480,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Lenovo - IdeaCentre Stick 300 - Intel Atom - 2GB Memory - 32GB Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "90F20000US",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "Windows 10Technical details: Intel&#174; Atom&#8482; processor; 2GB memory; 32GB solid state driveSpecial features: Built-in wireless networking; BluetoothNote: DVD/CD drive not included",
      "longDescription": "Lenovo IdeaCentre Stick 300: This ultracompact computer features a USB interface and built-in wireless networking, so you can connect to an HDTV or high-definition monitor and enjoy fast Web access and simple multitasking and navigation. Bluetooth lets you sync with a variety of compatible devices.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4472/4472201_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4472/4472201_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/lenovo-ideacentre-stick-300-intel-atom-2gb-memory-32gb-solid-state-drive-black/4472201.p?id=1219751161670&skuId=4472201&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4472201,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.2"
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 397.26,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040516/1313040516_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040516/1313040516_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040516.p?id=mp1313040516&skuId=1313040516",
      "sku": 1313040516,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 2.5\" 128GB Micron M600 SATA Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MTFDDAK128MBF-1AN12A",
      "regularPrice": 78.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Description:Micron's M600 client SSD delivers the highest performance and greatest power savings available in our client SSD portfolio. Features like dynamic write acceleration and class-leading power efficiency help client computing customers continue to advance their performance, power savings, and reliability while maintaining slim and lightweight designs.Features:Deliver High Performance: Lightning-quick boot-up and wake from sleepExtend Battery Life: Class-leading power efficiencyProtect Data: Government-grade encryption, enhanced data protection, and power-loss protection for data at restIncrease Reliability: Adaptive thermal monitoring ensures reliability in space-constrained designsExtend Endurance: Drive life of up to 400TB TBWFit Your Design: Four slim, lightweight form factors to choose fromTechnical Information:Capacity: 128GBInterface: SATA 6 Gb/sForm Factors: 2.5\"Sequential performance (up to): Read: 560 MB/sWrite: 510 MB/sRandom performance (up to): Read: 100,000 IOPSWrite: 88,000 IOPSPCMark Vantage score (up to): 87000Active average power consumption (TYP): 150mWIdle average power consumption: Device sleep power consumption: Endurance(TBW): 100TBDimensions: 100.45 x 69.85 x 7mmMTTF: 1.5 million hours",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040493/1313040493_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040493/1313040493_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-2-5-128gb-micron-m600-sata-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040493.p?id=mp1313040493&skuId=1313040493",
      "sku": 1313040493,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M510DC",
      "regularPrice": 201.16,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 420 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 290 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Hot Pluggable",
      "longDescription": "Micron's M510DC solid state drive (SSD) uses a single-chip controller with a SATA interface on the system side and n-channels of Micron NAND Flash internally. Packaged in an HDD replacement enclosure, the SSD integrates easily in existing storage infrastructures.The M510DC is designed to support and manage the needs of enterprise platforms that utilize high IOPs traffic previously supported solely by SLC solutions, it provides the performance, endurance, and data integrity required by these growing environments.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354132/1313354132_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354132/1313354132_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354132.p?id=mp1313354132&skuId=1313354132",
      "sku": 1313354132,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 113.26,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026663/1314026663_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026663/1314026663_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026663.p?id=mp1314026663&skuId=1314026663",
      "sku": 1314026663,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 113.26,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040523/1313040523_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040523/1313040523_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040523.p?id=mp1313040523&skuId=1313040523",
      "sku": 1313040523,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 128.33,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026656/1314026656_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026656/1314026656_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026656.p?id=mp1314026656&skuId=1314026656",
      "sku": 1314026656,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 212.36,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040509/1313040509_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040509/1313040509_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040509.p?id=mp1313040509&skuId=1313040509",
      "sku": 1313040509,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 212.36,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040547/1313040547_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040547/1313040547_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040547.p?id=mp1313040547&skuId=1313040547",
      "sku": 1313040547,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 230.66,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2260",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040530/1313040530_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040530/1313040530_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040530.p?id=mp1313040530&skuId=1313040530",
      "sku": 1313040530,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 800 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M500DC",
      "regularPrice": 661.83,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 425 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 375 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The Perfect Fit for Data Centers  Meet the 24/7 demands of data center appliances and enterprise storage applications that require 1 to 3 drive fills per day with the M500DC SATA enterprise SSD. The M500DC's rich features and optimized endurance, as well as ensured quality of service over random workloads, is the perfect fit for data centers that need greater data  throughput.  The M500DC uses Micron's extended performance and enhanced reliability technology (XPERT) features to help ensure data integrity, extend drive life, and optimize performance. It is available in 1.8-inch and 2.5-inch form factors and 120-800GB capacities. Micron provides worldclass support and proven quality and reliability that can  only be offered by a truly vertically integrated SSD supplier.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262918/1313262918_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262918/1313262918_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-800-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313262918.p?id=mp1313262918&skuId=1313262918",
      "sku": 1313262918,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Mushkin - MKNSSDAT240GB Atlas mSATA 240GB Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MKNSSDAT240GB",
      "regularPrice": 103.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Atlas&#8482; - mSATA Introducing Atlas Deluxe, the fastest mSATA SSD on the market. Designed to unleash the hidden performance of today's notebooks and ultrabooks, the Atlas Deluxe easily installs in any device with an mSATA slot.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309821/1309821617/1309821617_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309821/1309821617/1309821617_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/mushkin-mknssdat240gb-atlas-msata-240gb-solid-state-drive-multi/1309821617.p?id=mp1309821617&skuId=1309821617",
      "sku": 1309821617,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    }
  ]
})
