ON_CALLBACK({
  "from": 1,
  "to": 100,
  "total": 273,
  "currentPage": 1,
  "totalPages": 3,
  "queryTime": "0.257",
  "totalTime": "0.785",
  "partial": false,
  "canonicalUrl": "/v1/products((marketplace=*)&categoryPath.id=pcmcat201300050005)?show=name,modelNumber,regularPrice,shortDescription,longDescription,image,thumbnailImage,url,sku,customerReviewAverage&format=json&callback=JSON_CALLBACK&apiKey=da2muhz5qcjjeebx6fytxhqy",
  "products": [
    {
      "name": "Adata - Premier Pro SP900 Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/sec - Black - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SP900",
      "regularPrice": 58.86,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black",
      "longDescription": "The Premier Pro SP900 SSD not only boasts impressive performance numbers, but also offers a competitive price advantage to those looking to upgrade. It is expanded capacity solid state drive which uses new optimized firmware to utilize greater storage capacity of the NAND Flash components drive. With superior NAND Flash, the Premier Pro SP900 reaches new levels of stability and performance, with a 7% increase in storage capacity over common SSDs in the market that use a SandForce controller.High Speed, Full CapacityThe Premier Pro SP900's maximum sequential read and write speeds are 555/530 MB per second, with maximum random 4k write speeds of 85,000 IOPS. Capacities of 64, 128 and 256 GB make this drive an outstanding option for upgrading notebooks that are compatible with the SATA 6Gb per second specification.Support Windows TRIM Command, accelerate data transfer performanceThe Premier Pro SP900 SSD adopts specially selected Flash chips from reliable manufacturers, and supports the Windows TRIM command. The Windows TRIM optimization command can directly delete stored data in the Flash memory and release unused space (Free Blocks) to be used for system writes immediately. This results in more accelerated transfer and write performance for solid state drives, and is also effective in slowing down efficiency decline and depletion chances, maintaining effective operation and extending the life of the disk. In both desktop and notebook computers, users will enjoy an unprecedented high-speed experience when they edit video, retouch large picture, and use computer drafting, reading and writing operations.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710152/1304710152_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710152/1304710152_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/adata-premier-pro-sp900-solid-state-drive-sata-6gb-sec-black-black/1304710152.p?id=mp1304710152&skuId=1304710152",
      "sku": 1304710152,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Adata - Premier Pro SP900 Solid State Drive SATA 6Gb/sec - Black - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SP900",
      "regularPrice": 90.80,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black",
      "longDescription": "The Premier Pro SP900 SSD not only boasts impressive performance numbers, but also offers a competitive price advantage to those looking to upgrade. It is expanded capacity solid state drive which uses new optimized firmware to utilize greater storage capacity of the NAND Flash components drive. With superior NAND Flash, the Premier Pro SP900 reaches new levels of stability and performance, with a 7% increase in storage capacity over common SSDs in the market that use a SandForce controller.High Speed, Full CapacityThe Premier Pro SP900's maximum sequential read and write speeds are 555/530 MB per second, with maximum random 4k write speeds of 85,000 IOPS. Capacities of 64, 128 and 256 GB make this drive an outstanding option for upgrading notebooks that are compatible with the SATA 6Gb per second specification.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710183/1304710183_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304710/1304710183/1304710183_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/adata-premier-pro-sp900-solid-state-drive-sata-6gb-sec-black-black/1304710183.p?id=mp1304710183&skuId=1304710183",
      "sku": 1304710183,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - 240GB 1.8-inch MicroSATA III SSD",
      "modelNumber": "SSD18MA3240-AX",
      "regularPrice": 381.99,
      "shortDescription": "Micro SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom offers complete lines of notebook, desktop and server hard drive upgrades guaranteed in compatibility and performance with your system.High quality components combined with Axiom's industry recognized customer service make Axiom Storage Products the right choice for all of your storage solution needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384380/1308384380_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384380/1308384380_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-240gb-1-8-inch-microsata-iii-ssd/1308384380.p?id=mp1308384380&skuId=1308384380",
      "sku": 1308384380,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - Signature III 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMO3A3120-AX",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom's Signature III MO-300 SSD module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SSD module. Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the Axiom MO-300 SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 80,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low consumption or extended battery life.A robust ECC algorithm and redundant storage technology protects the data. Efficient bad block management and reduced write amplification further bolster endurance. Drive health is monitored using an SSD-specific set of S.M.A.R.T. attributes. The combination of these techniques provides data protection unrivaled in the embedded storage industry.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384267/1308384267_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384267/1308384267_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-signature-iii-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1308384267.p?id=mp1308384267&skuId=1308384267",
      "sku": 1308384267,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Axiom - Signature III 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMO3A3240-AX",
      "regularPrice": 132.25,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Axiom's Signature III MO-300 SSD module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SSD module. Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the Axiom MO-300 SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 80,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low consumption or extended battery life.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384274/1308384274_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308384/1308384274/1308384274_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/axiom-signature-iii-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1308384274.p?id=mp1308384274&skuId=1308384274",
      "sku": 1308384274,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Cisco - 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "ASA5500X-SSD120=",
      "regularPrice": 522.72,
      "shortDescription": null,
      "longDescription": "Cisco 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309021/1309021215/1309021215_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309021/1309021215/1309021215_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/cisco-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive/1309021215.p?id=mp1309021215&skuId=1309021215",
      "sku": 1309021215,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force LS 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F120GBLSB",
      "regularPrice": 59.35,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The flexible and economical SSD upgrade that's backed by Corsair Force Series LS features SATA 3 6GB/s support for optimal performance with the latest systems, and it's backward compatible with SATA 1 and 2 for maximum compatibility. The thin 7mm height, low heat generation, and solid-state reliability make it ideal for everything from desktop PCs to the latest ultra-thin laptops.   Compatible with SATA 2 3Gb/s Haven't yet moved to SATA 3? Like all Corsair components, Force Series LS SSDs are designed to last through several system upgrades. Adding a Force Series LS today means that you'll still get fast and dependable storage performance now, and your SSD will be ready for your next upgrade.  7mm height for broad PC and laptop compatibility Force Series LS has a height of 7mm, so it will fit into newer ultra-slim notebooks and laptops.  TRIM supportForce Series LS SSDs feature support for the Windows&#174; 7 TRIM command. This allows them to store only the data they need and perform memory optimization to ensure the fastest possible write speeds.  ReliableBecause SSDs have no moving parts, they can handle shock, vibration and temperature changes far in excess of traditional hard drives. That's important for desktop PCs, and essential for laptops.  Cool and quiet, with low power consumptionTraditional mechanical hard drives spin at thousands of revolutions per minute. This takes power, and generates noise and heat. Since SSDs have no moving parts, there's no noise or vibration, and the lower power consumption helps keep things cool inside your PC.  Corsair SSD ToolboxCorsair SSD Toolbox is our exclusive software for managing your Corsair solid state drive and maintaining its performance. It's a free download for owners of Corsair SSDs, and it works under Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 8.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412536/1312412536_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412536/1312412536_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-ls-120-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312412536.p?id=mp1312412536&skuId=1312412536",
      "sku": 1312412536,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force LS 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F60GBLSB",
      "regularPrice": 42.64,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 440 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The flexible and economical SSD upgrade that's backed by CorsairForce Series LS features SATA 3 6GB/s support for optimal performance with the latest systems, and it's backward compatible with SATA 1 and 2 for maximum compatibility. The thin 7mm height, low heat generation, and solid-state reliability make it ideal for everything from desktop PCs to the latest ultra-thin laptops. Compatible with SATA 2 3Gb/sHaven't yet moved to SATA 3? Like all Corsair components, Force Series LS SSDs are designed to last through several system upgrades. Adding a Force Series LS today means that you'll still get fast and dependable storage performance now, and your SSD will be ready for your next upgrade.7mm height for broad PC and laptop compatibilityForce Series LS has a height of 7mm, so it will fit into newer ultra-slim notebooks and laptops.TRIM supportForce Series LS SSDs feature support for the Windows&#174; 7 TRIM command. This allows them to store only the data they need and perform memory optimization to ensure the fastest possible write speeds.ReliableBecause SSDs have no moving parts, they can handle shock, vibration and temperature changes far in excess of traditional hard drives. That's important for desktop PCs, and essential for laptops.Cool and quiet, with low power consumptionTraditional mechanical hard drives spin at thousands of revolutions per minute. This takes power, and generates noise and heat. Since SSDs have no moving parts, there's no noise or vibration, and the lower power consumption helps keep things cool inside your PCCorsair SSD ToolboxCorsair SSD Toolbox is our exclusive software for managing your Corsair solid state drive and maintaining its performance. It's a free download for owners of Corsair SSDs, and it works under Windows XP, Windows 7, and Windows 8.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312582/1312582697/1312582697_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312582/1312582697/1312582697_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-ls-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312582697.p?id=mp1312582697&skuId=1312582697",
      "sku": 1312582697,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Corsair - Force Series GS 240GB SATA 3 6Gb/s Solid-State Hard Drive",
      "modelNumber": "CSSD-F240GBGS-BK",
      "regularPrice": 198.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 525 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Force Series GS Solid-State Drives: Speed for the real world.Force Series GS solid-state drives are powered by a SandForce SF-2200 SSD Processor and fast Toggle NAND memory for both fast sequential read/write speeds and strong random write speed for impressive real-world performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305162/1305162868/1305162868_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305162/1305162868/1305162868_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/corsair-force-series-gs-240gb-sata-3-6gb-s-solid-state-hard-drive/1305162868.p?id=mp1305162868&skuId=1305162868",
      "sku": 1305162868,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BX200",
      "regularPrice": 75.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Crucial BX200 Solid State DriveEnjoy your computer again.Ever start your computer, then have to find something to do while it wakes up? Your computer should be ready when you are - not the other way around. Make long wait times a thing of the past by loading apps in seconds, booting up almost instantly, and accelerating nearly everything on your computer. Get more done and have more fun with the Crucial BX200 SSD. More than 13x faster than a typical hard drive Accessing your data on the Crucial BX200 is like flipping a light switch - it's almost instant. The Crucial BX200 delivers true 540 MB/s sequential reads on both compressible and incompressible data, which allows you to access files and apps almost as soon as you click on them. Stop pulling your hair out waiting for your computer to catch up to you. Life moves fast - your computer should too. More than 40x more energy efficient than a typical hard drive Since SSDs access data on cutting-edge flash memory chips rather than on outdated spinning platters, they consume significantly less power than hard drives. Enjoy the ability to do more with longer battery life and experience a cooler, quieter system. Increase your laptop's portability, worry less about finding an outlet, and boost your productivity.More durable than a typical hard drive Since SSDs don't use moving parts that wear out over time, your photos, music, videos, and everything on the drive is less susceptible to a crash. Dropping a laptop with a hard drive may damage the small mechanical parts it uses to read and write data, and could cause the hard drive to fail. SSDs can sustain more physical trauma since they don't rely on these mechanical parts.Better value than a typical SSD The Crucial BX200 leverages proven flash memory technology that's been thoroughly vetted and engineered to extensive Micron quality standards. Upgrading to an SSD is one of the best ways to improve your system's performance, and now the price per gigabyte makes it a great time to ditch your hard drive. Start getting more out of your storage.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026670/1314026670_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026670/1314026670_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026670.p?id=mp1314026670&skuId=1314026670",
      "sku": 1314026670,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 250 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MX200",
      "regularPrice": 109.01,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 555 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "When the Crucial&#174; MX100 was released, it set a new standard for SSDs that the Crucial MX200 pushes even further. Leveraging leading specs on all fronts, along with new Dynamic Write Acceleration technology, the Crucial MX200 is loaded with innovative features and immediately increases your system's performance.Do more. Faster. Longer. The Crucial MX200 delivers 555 MB/s sequential reads on both compressible and incompressible data, and outperforms a typical hard drive by 400 MB/s. Even better, the performance doesn't let up, as the Crucial MX200 posts an endurance rating that's up to 5 times greater than a typical client SSD.Max out performance and increase reliability. Our engineers created RAIN technology to protect your data at the component level, similar to how RAID is used with multiple hard drives. This technology increases the security and protection of your data to a level that's rarely seen in consumer-class SSDs.Transfer and save large files in a matter of seconds. Competing SSDs typically rely on a fixed cache of multi-level cell flash memory, which allows you to write sequential data at published specs, but only for so long. Our industry-leading Dynamic Write Acceleration technology solves this problem by using an adaptable pool of high speed, single-level cell flash memory for consistently fast performance that doesn't let up. Encrypt and protect your data at the highest possible level. Keep personal files and sensitive information secure from hackers and thieves with AES 256-bit encryption - the same grade used by banks and hospitals. The Crucial MX200 meets or exceeds all industry encryption standards, including Microsoft&#174; eDrive, IEEE-1667, and TCG Opal 2.0.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112763/1313112763_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112763/1313112763_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-250-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313112763.p?id=mp1313112763&skuId=1313112763",
      "sku": 1313112763,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BX200",
      "regularPrice": 151.31,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Crucial BX200 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026687/1314026687_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026687/1314026687_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026687.p?id=mp1314026687&skuId=1314026687",
      "sku": 1314026687,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - m4 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "CT128M4SSD2BAA",
      "regularPrice": 138.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 175 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "SSDs: they're not just for laptops anymore. A simple 3.5\" adaptor bracket can easily and affordably turn your standard HDD drive bay into a Solid-State drive bay. The Crucial 3.5\" Adapter Bracket lets you install your Crucial 2.5\" Solid-State Drive into a standard 3.5\" drive bay nearly any desktop system. This sturdy, metal, mounting bracket includes mounting screws for simple installation. Available as a kit with your new Crucial SSD or as a standalone product.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292488/1307292488_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292488/1307292488_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-m4-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307292488.p?id=mp1307292488&skuId=1307292488",
      "sku": 1307292488,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Boost Pro Micro 120 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "PE236908",
      "regularPrice": 126.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "EDGE&#8482; Boost Pro Micro Solid State Drives (SSDs) are designed to be a direct replacement for traditional spinning disk hard drives.  The result is a faster, lighter, more durable, and more reliable solution. Boost Pro Micro SSDs are both PC and Mac compatible and will work in almost any computer with a Micro SATA interface.Utilizing a premium SandForce controller, the Boost Pro Micro SSD can achieve ultra fast transfer speeds.  In comparison to hard drives, EDGE Boost SSDs can improve system boot times by 5x.*  Fast read/write speeds and a lofty IOPS rating provide fantastic performance gains in common tasks such as file transfers and loading software applications.With no moving parts, Boost Pro Micro SSDs are less susceptible to mechanical failures.  This also results in longer notebook battery life, lower heat emission, and completely silent operation.Security is a critical feature of Boost Pro Micro SSDs, featuring AES hardware encryption that secures 100% of data when enabled**. The feature-rich SandForce controller comes standard with robust tools such as TRIM, S.M.A.R.T., Garbage Collection, wear leveling, and ECC to promote stability and reliability. SandForce-exclusive functions - Durawrite and RAISE - further enhance data efficiency and increase the lifespan of the SSD.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314065/1314065471/1314065471_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314065/1314065471/1314065471_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-boost-pro-micro-120-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314065471.p?id=mp1314065471&skuId=1314065471",
      "sku": 1314065471,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Boost Pro MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "EDGSD-230036-PE",
      "regularPrice": 92.88,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Boost Pro Solid State Drives (SSDs) are designed to be a direct replacement for traditional spinning disk hard drives. The result is a faster, lighter, more durable, and more reliable solution primed to replace outdated hard drives forever. Boost Pro SSDs are both PC and Mac compatible and will work in almost any computer or server with a SATA interface. EDGE offers various notebook, desktop, and server upgrade kits designed to make the transition to SSDs a smooth and easy operation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292686/1307292686_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307292/1307292686/1307292686_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-boost-pro-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307292686.p?id=mp1307292686&skuId=1307292686",
      "sku": 1307292686,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 1 TB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS1000",
      "regularPrice": 551.60,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010761/1314010761_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010761/1314010761_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-1-tb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010761.p?id=mp1314010761&skuId=1314010761",
      "sku": 1314010761,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 250 GB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS250",
      "regularPrice": 216.10,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010747/1314010747_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010747/1314010747_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-250-gb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010747.p?id=mp1314010747&skuId=1314010747",
      "sku": 1314010747,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fantom Drives - 500 GB 2.5\" External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "DSS500",
      "regularPrice": 393.47,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive features 256-bit AES military grade hardware encryption. There is no software required for setup and it is compatible with PC and Mac platforms. The Fantom Drives DataShield encrypts all of your data and keeps it safe from unauthorized access even if the solid state drive is removed from its housing. With a SuperSpeed USB 3.0 interface, you can now access your files faster than ever before! This USB 3.0 unit is backwards compatible with USB 2.0 so you can connect to any USB port. Fantom Drives DataShield is a pocket-sized USB 3.0 portable external solid state drive with a built-in keypad and up to 12-digit pass code combinations will protect your data from unauthorized use. This unit is fully bus-powered design keeps you free from a power cord and power supply. The Fantom Drives DataShield portable USB 3.0 external solid state drive is ideal for personal or business use where data privacy is required!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010754/1314010754_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010754/1314010754_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fantom-drives-500-gb-2-5-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010754.p?id=mp1314010754&skuId=1314010754",
      "sku": 1314010754,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "G-Technology - G-DRIVE ev 512 GB External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "GDEVSSDNA5121SDB",
      "regularPrice": 499.95,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "An External Solid-State Evolution Series Drive With a need for speed - take the power of the G-DRIVE ev SSD with you. With extreme solid-state performance connected with USB 3.0, you'll get transfer rates up to 400MB/s. Use it alone or with the G-DOCK ev with Thunderbolt and experience up to 480MB/s for the ultimate flexibility and expandability that today's creative professionals demand.Pros need faster, more flexible ways to capture, share and distribute their work-and from the field to the studio, G-Technology's innovative Evolution Series streamlines digital content workflow as never before. Shoot on-site, transfer to studio and distribute to your partners, all with one system.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313372/1313372341/1313372341_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313372/1313372341/1313372341_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/g-technology-g-drive-ev-512-gb-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1313372341.p?id=mp1313372341&skuId=1313372341",
      "sku": 1313372341,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HGST - HGST HUA721010KLA330-NDW-RC 1TB 7.2K RPM SATA Hard Drive (Silver) - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "HUA721010KLA330-NDW-RC",
      "regularPrice": 150.00,
      "shortDescription": "The HGST Ultrastar A7K1000 delivers one terabyte of storage capacity in a standard 3.5-inch form factor, filling a vital need for high-density storage in the enterprise",
      "longDescription": "The HGST Ultrastar A7K1000 delivers one terabyte of storage capacity in a standard 3.5-inch form factor, filling a vital need for high-density storage in the enterprise",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312952/1312952452/1312952452_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312952/1312952452/1312952452_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hgst-hgst-hua721010kla330-ndw-rc-1tb-7-2k-rpm-sata-hard-drive-silver-silver/1312952452.p?id=mp1312952452&skuId=1312952452",
      "sku": 1312952452,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 1205GB Multi Level Cell G2 PCIe ioDrive2 for ProLiant Servers",
      "modelNumber": "673646-B21",
      "regularPrice": 18391.86,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - Plug-in Card",
      "longDescription": "HP IO Accelerators for ProLiant Servers are PCIe card-based direct-attach solid state storage technology solutions for application performance enhancement. Based on Multi-Level Cell (MLC) and Single Level Cell (SLC) NAND Flash technology, these devices are ideal for low latency workloads requiring high transaction rates and real-time data access.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305801/1305801309/1305801309_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305801/1305801309/1305801309_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-1205gb-multi-level-cell-g2-pcie-iodrive2-for-proliant-servers/1305801309.p?id=mp1305801309&skuId=1305801309",
      "sku": 1305801309,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "A3D26AT",
      "regularPrice": 277.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Solid State Drives (SSDs) are fast becoming a real force with respect to storage in the computer industry. With no moving parts, storage is no longer bound by mechanical barriers to higher performance. HP SSDs for workstations offer overall performance typcially beyond that of SAS 15k rpm HDDs (Hard Disk Drives).",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307304/1307304006/1307304006_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307304/1307304006/1307304006_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1307304006.p?id=mp1307304006&skuId=1307304006",
      "sku": 1307304006,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 300 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "739888-B21",
      "regularPrice": 680.71,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 475 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 250 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Hot Pluggable - 64000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 8000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Gray - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "HP Solid State Drives (SSDs) deliver exceptional performance and endurance for customers with applications requiring high random read IOPs performance. Leveraging NAND Flash technology, they support HP ProLiant servers and server storage platforms. They are generally available as Small Form Factor (SFF) and Large Form Factor (LFF) hot plug devices, non-hot plug SFF devices, and SFF Quick Release devices. These drives deliver higher performance, lower latency, and more power-efficient solutions when compared with traditional rotating media. Plus they fit seamlessly into the existing HP server infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444552/1311444552_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444552/1311444552_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-300-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-gray/1311444552.p?id=mp1311444552&skuId=1311444552",
      "sku": 1311444552,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD9SC120GEDE-PB",
      "regularPrice": 203.93,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "As an HP Qualified Option, HP drives are designed and engineered to help manage data storage efficiently, simplify day-to-day maintenance, and ensure data is available when needed. Trust HP data storage devices so you can focus on more important matters of business.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307296/1307296233/1307296233_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307296/1307296233/1307296233_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307296233.p?id=mp1307296233&skuId=1307296233",
      "sku": 1307296233,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Imation - 128 GB External Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "29642",
      "regularPrice": 103.59,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - Portable - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-portable SSD is smaller than the average smartphone, offering the best in performance in portability. Designed with active business professionals in mind, the SSD outpaces standard USB 3.0 and USB 2.0 drives, allowing you to read, write and share files as quickly as possible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310688/1310688933/1310688933_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310688/1310688933/1310688933_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/imation-128-gb-external-solid-state-drive-black/1310688933.p?id=mp1310688933&skuId=1310688933",
      "sku": 1310688933,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 180 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMCEAW180A401",
      "regularPrice": 140.73,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - Plug-in Module - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "With Intel&#174; SSD 530 Series, your computer will blaze through the most demanding consumer client applications and will easily handle your multi-tasking needs. With no moving parts, the Intel SSD 530 Series reduces your risk of data loss caused by shock or vibration during operation. The Intel SSD 530 Series is specially targeted toward consumer Ultrabooks&#8482; and notebooks, All-in-One (AIO) desktops, next unit of computing (NUC), and embedded designs. In addition to the strong performance gains, Intel SSD 530 Series introduces new low power modes with cell phone-like standby battery life. The Intel SSD 530 Series product family paves the way for thin and light computing devices by introducing the latest M.2 form factor. M.2 form factor shrinks the total storage area enormously vs. traditional 2.5-inch form factor storage devices. You will have the comfort of knowing your data is benefitting from advanced security features, world-class performance, and Intel quality and reliability using the latest 20nm Intel&#174; NAND technology; and all that with Intel's outstanding customer support.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016859/1310016859_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016859/1310016859_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-180-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310016859.p?id=mp1310016859&skuId=1310016859",
      "sku": 1310016859,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDMCEAW240A401",
      "regularPrice": 175.11,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - Plug-in Card - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "With Intel&#174; SSD 530 Series, your computer will blaze through the most demanding consumer client applications and will easily handle your multi-tasking needs. With no moving parts, the Intel SSD 530 Series reduces your risk of data loss caused by shock or vibration during operation. The Intel SSD 530 Series is specially targeted toward consumer Ultrabooks&#8482; and notebooks, All-in-One (AIO) desktops, next unit of computing (NUC), and embedded designs. In addition to the strong performance gains, Intel SSD 530 Series introduces new low power modes with cell phone-like standby battery life. The Intel SSD 530 Series product family paves the way for thin and light computing devices by introducing the latest M.2 form factor. M.2 form factor shrinks the total storage area enormously vs. traditional 2.5-inch form factor storage devices. You will have the comfort of knowing your data is benefitting from advanced security features, world-class performance, and Intel quality and reliability using the latest 20nm Intel&#174; NAND technology; and all that with Intel's outstanding customer support.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016873/1310016873_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016873/1310016873_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310016873.p?id=mp1310016873&skuId=1310016873",
      "sku": 1310016873,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 320 Series SSDSA2CW120G3 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSA2CW120G3",
      "regularPrice": 205.25,
      "shortDescription": "1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 320 SSDSA2CW120G3 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306998/1306998053/1306998053_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306998/1306998053/1306998053_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-320-series-ssdsa2cw120g3-mlc-solid-state-drive/1306998053.p?id=mp1306998053&skuId=1306998053",
      "sku": 1306998053,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 320 Series SSDSA2CW600G3 MLC Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSA2CW600G3",
      "regularPrice": 529.24,
      "shortDescription": "1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 320 SSDSA2CW600G3 600 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307778/1307778890/1307778890_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307778/1307778890/1307778890_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-320-series-ssdsa2cw600g3-mlc-solid-state-drive/1307778890.p?id=mp1307778890&skuId=1307778890",
      "sku": 1307778890,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 535 Series 240GB Internal SATA Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "BBSSDSC240H6R5",
      "regularPrice": 134.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA 6 Gbps interface; M.2 form factor; NAND technology; up to 540MB/sec. sequential read speeds; up to 490MB/sec. sequential write speeds",
      "longDescription": "With 240GB of storage capacity, this Intel 535 Series BBSSDSC240H6R5 solid state drive allows you to expand the storage of your laptop or desktop and efficiently manage a variety of tasks. The M.2 form factor saves space without sacrificing performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8591/8591148_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8591/8591148_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-535-series-240gb-internal-sata-solid-state-drive-silver/8591148.p?id=1219693612383&skuId=8591148&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 8591148,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP240G410",
      "regularPrice": 269.85,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 270 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 86000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 56000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has ArrivedThe Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709058/1310709058_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709058/1310709058_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310709058.p?id=mp1310709058&skuId=1310709058",
      "sku": 1310709058,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP480G4R5",
      "regularPrice": 364.46,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 89000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 74000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack - Retail - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has Arrived The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive (Intel&#174; SSD) 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.   Equip your next build with an Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series and get:Optimized Performance. We specially qualified components and pushed factory performance tuning limits by boosting the controller speed by 50 percent and NAND bus speed 20 percent. The result, 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads.Data Center DNA. Gain extreme endurance-up to 70 GB of writes per day compared to the industry typical 20 GB per day-and enjoy peace-of-mind dependability throughout the life of the drive with advanced firmware algorithms, delivering performance consistency across all data types.RAID Performance Scaling. Achieve extreme storage performance for the most demanding usage models with RAID 0 configurations combining two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives with an Intel&#174; platform supporting Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology for throughput exceeding 1,000 MB/s.Quality and Reliability. 3rd generation Intel controller, optimized Intel firmware, and 20nm NAND technology provide dependable up-time for intensive storage workloads-backed by a limited five-year warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412512/1312412512_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412512/1312412512_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312412512.p?id=mp1312412512&skuId=1312412512",
      "sku": 1312412512,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - 730 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP480G410",
      "regularPrice": 527.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 89000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 74000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "To unseat the competition or speed a design to market, you need new levels of optimized storage performance. The Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series delivers uncompromised performance by combining factory-tuned components with Data Center DNA.We factory overclocked the controller by 50% and the NAND by 20% resulting in 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads. To unleash higher levels of performance and remove storage bottlenecks, put two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives in RAID 0 along with Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology to achieve throughput of >1GB/s.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709065/1310709065_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709065/1310709065_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-730-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310709065.p?id=mp1310709065&skuId=1310709065",
      "sku": 1310709065,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC1NB400G401",
      "regularPrice": 441.47,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 11000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016842/1310016842_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310016/1310016842/1310016842_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-400-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310016842.p?id=mp1310016842&skuId=1310016842",
      "sku": 1310016842,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 80 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB080G401",
      "regularPrice": 106.78,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310082/1310082922/1310082922_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310082/1310082922/1310082922_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-80-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310082922.p?id=mp1310082922&skuId=1310082922",
      "sku": 1310082922,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB300G401",
      "regularPrice": 289.66,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308861/1308861126/1308861126_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308861/1308861126/1308861126_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1308861126.p?id=mp1308861126&skuId=1308861126",
      "sku": 1308861126,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB240G401",
      "regularPrice": 257.54,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290063/1308290063_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290063/1308290063_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1308290063.p?id=mp1308290063&skuId=1308290063",
      "sku": 1308290063,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3500 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BB600G401",
      "regularPrice": 590.90,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - OEM",
      "longDescription": "As a high-performance hard drive alternative, Intel&#174; Solid-State Drives boost your PC to the next level in storage performance and reliability. Improved PC responsiveness. Breakthrough storage performance. Quality you can trust. Sounds great, now determine which Intel&#174; SSD is right for your computing needs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309109/1309109241/1309109241_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309109/1309109241/1309109241_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3500-solid-state-drive/1309109241.p?id=mp1309109241&skuId=1309109241",
      "sku": 1309109241,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC1NA400G301",
      "regularPrice": 777.03,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 45000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Intel DC S3700 400 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 45000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310708/1310708273/1310708273_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310708/1310708273/1310708273_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-400-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1310708273.p?id=mp1310708273&skuId=1310708273",
      "sku": 1310708273,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 400 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BA400G301",
      "regularPrice": 804.20,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Feed your I/O-starved applications with outstanding performance, extended endurance, and consistently low latency.The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive DC S3700 Series offers the next generation of data center SSDs combining fast, consistent performance with high endurance and strong data protection.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940428/1305940428_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940428/1305940428_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-400-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1305940428.p?id=mp1305940428&skuId=1305940428",
      "sku": 1305940428,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - DC S3700 Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BA100G301",
      "regularPrice": 205.46,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 200 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Intel DC S3700 100 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 200 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940411/1305940411_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940411/1305940411_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-dc-s3700-solid-state-drive-silver/1305940411.p?id=mp1305940411&skuId=1305940411",
      "sku": 1305940411,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Pro 2500 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BF480H501",
      "regularPrice": 221.14,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Intel Pro 2500 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 490 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Silver - 1 Pack - OEM - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412529/1312412529_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312412/1312412529/1312412529_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-pro-2500-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1312412529.p?id=mp1312412529&skuId=1312412529",
      "sku": 1312412529,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BW240A401",
      "regularPrice": 167.48,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Intel 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290087/1308290087_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308290/1308290087/1308290087_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-solid-state-drive/1308290087.p?id=mp1308290087&skuId=1308290087",
      "sku": 1308290087,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Intel - Solid-State Drive 730 Series",
      "modelNumber": "SSDSC2BP240G4R5",
      "regularPrice": 201.12,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 270 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 86000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 56000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack - Retail",
      "longDescription": "No-Compromise Storage Has Arrived The Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive (Intel&#174; SSD) 730 Series combines enthusiast-grade performance with the endurance and dependability that has traditionally been reserved for data center storage products. In other words, it's the best of both worlds, and what that means to you is freedom from compromise.Equip your next build with an Intel&#174; Solid-State Drive 730 Series and get: Optimized Performance. We specially qualified components and pushed factory performance tuning limits by boosting the controller speed by 50 percent and NAND bus speed 20 percent. The result, 50&#181;s read latencies, consistently high transfer rates of up to 550 MB/s sequential reads, and up to 89,000 IOPS random reads. Data Center DNA. Gain extreme endurance-up to 70 GB of writes per day compared to the industry typical 20 GB per day-and enjoy peace-of-mind dependability throughout the life of the drive with advanced firmware algorithms, delivering performance consistency across all data types. RAID Performance Scaling. Achieve extreme storage performance for the most demanding usage models with RAID 0 configurations combining two or more Intel&#174; SSD 730 Series drives with an Intel&#174; platform supporting Intel&#174; Rapid Storage Technology for throughput exceeding 1,000 MB/s. Quality and Reliability. 3rd generation Intel controller, optimized Intel firmware, and 20nm NAND technology provide dependable up-time for intensive storage workloads-backed by a limited five-year warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444033/1311444033_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444033/1311444033_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/intel-solid-state-drive-730-series/1311444033.p?id=mp1311444033&skuId=1311444033",
      "sku": 1311444033,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - Defender SSD Hardware Encrypted Secure USB3.0 External Solid State Drive 256G",
      "modelNumber": "KDH3B-256SSD",
      "regularPrice": 317.32,
      "shortDescription": "Hardware Encrypted, Secure, USB 3.0, TAA Compliant",
      "longDescription": "The Defender SSD&#8482; is the world's most advanced, secure, hardware encrypted solid state drive. Well beyond simple password protection, it is a super fast USB3.0 SSD designed to meet and exceed rigorous government, healthcare and financial industry security regulations. The Defender SSD is easy to use, tamper-proof, and includes the option of being remotely manageable from anywhere in the world.This product is TAA Compliant",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305523/1305523485/1305523485_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305523/1305523485/1305523485_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-defender-ssd-hardware-encrypted-secure-usb3-0-external-solid-state-drive-256g/1305523485.p?id=mp1305523485&skuId=1305523485",
      "sku": 1305523485,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - Mobile Workspace Windows to Go Certified 64GB - Black",
      "modelNumber": "KWTG100-64G",
      "regularPrice": 133.76,
      "shortDescription": "64 GBUSB 3.0 - Black - Windows To Go Certified",
      "longDescription": "Carry your own Windows 8, 8.1, or 10 OS everywhere you go in a convenient USB flash drive! Boot Windows To Go on any PC anywhere with all of your desktop resources and functionality. The Microsoft Certified, Kanguru Mobile WorkSpace&#8482; Windows To Go flash drive transforms any PC into your own personal workspace environment to conveniently get work done anywhere you go.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314413/1314413449/1314413449_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314413/1314413449/1314413449_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-mobile-workspace-windows-to-go-certified-64gb-black/1314413449.p?id=mp1314413449&skuId=1314413449",
      "sku": 1314413449,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kanguru - QSSD External SSD USB3.0 256G",
      "modelNumber": "QSSD-2H",
      "regularPrice": 199.95,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - 130 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 100 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate, TAA Compliant",
      "longDescription": "The new USB3.0, external SSD puts high speed innovation in the palm of your hand. This USB3.0 Solid State Drive combines the fastest USB3.0 connectivity and Solid State technology into a lightweight, easy-to-carry storage solution.This product is TAA Compliant",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307293/1307293942/1307293942_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307293/1307293942/1307293942_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kanguru-qssd-external-ssd-usb3-0-256g/1307293942.p?id=mp1307293942&skuId=1307293942",
      "sku": 1307293942,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX 3K 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops/Desktops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SH103S3B/240G",
      "regularPrice": 149.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; SandForce DuraClass technology; SandForce SF-2281 controller; aluminum case; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "This Kingston Technology HyperX 3K solid state drive's 240GB capacity provides plenty of storage space for your photos, videos and documents. A SandForce controller helps enhance your multitasking capability and speeds up downloads, transfers and syncs.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/5984/5984154_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/5984/5984154_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-3k-240gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-desktops-black/5984154.p?id=1218710468940&skuId=5984154",
      "sku": 5984154,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.4"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2H/240G",
      "regularPrice": 214.48,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002583/1313002583_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002583/1313002583_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002583.p?id=mp1313002583&skuId=1313002583",
      "sku": 1313002583,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 480 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2H/480G",
      "regularPrice": 435.45,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002590/1313002590_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002590/1313002590_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-480-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002590.p?id=mp1313002590&skuId=1313002590",
      "sku": 1313002590,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Predator 480 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SHPM2280P2/480G",
      "regularPrice": 423.72,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 1.37 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1000 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Ferocious performance for serious users.   HyperX&#174; Predator SSD offers large capacities and incredible speeds  with both compressible and incompressible data to take your system  to the edge. Faster than SATA-based SSDs, it delivers speeds up to  1400MB/s read and 1000MB/s write for ultra-responsive multitasking  and an overall faster system.   It features a PCIe Gen 2.0 x4 interface for high performance and an  M.2 form factor to fit the next generation of desktops with an M.2 PCIe  slot. A Half-Height, Half-Length (HHHL) adapter that works with many  existing motherboards with at least a PCIe x4 slot open is available. The  HHHL adapter comes with both standard and low-profile brackets to  fit in slim profile desktop builds.   Prey on the competition for years to come. HyperX Predator SSD  comes with a three-year warranty and free technical support to keep  you winning.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002576/1313002576_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002576/1313002576_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-predator-480-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313002576.p?id=mp1313002576&skuId=1313002576",
      "sku": 1313002576,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 97.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002729/1313002729_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002729/1313002729_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002729.p?id=mp1313002729&skuId=1313002729",
      "sku": 1313002729,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 74.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 350MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "With rapid data transfer rates, this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/120G internal solid state drive ensures ideal performance even as the drive is filled. Convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop with the included adapter.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730700_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730700_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730700.p?id=1219809793919&skuId=4730700",
      "sku": 4730700,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 93.74,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 350MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "With rapid data transfer rates, this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/120G internal solid state drive ensures ideal performance even as the drive is filled. Convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop with the included adapter.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002682/1313002682_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002682/1313002682_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-120gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002682.p?id=mp1313002682&skuId=1313002682",
      "sku": 1313002682,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 126.15,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002736/1313002736_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002736/1313002736_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002736.p?id=mp1313002736&skuId=1313002736",
      "sku": 1313002736,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 98.22,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 510MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy rapid data transfers even when this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/240G internal solid state drive is filled for ideal performance. Use the included adapter to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for simple use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002699/1313002699_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002699/1313002699_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002699.p?id=mp1313002699&skuId=1313002699",
      "sku": 1313002699,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 109.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 510MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy rapid data transfers even when this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/240G internal solid state drive is filled for ideal performance. Use the included adapter to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for simple use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730701_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730701_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730701.p?id=1219809794177&skuId=4730701",
      "sku": 4730701,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 210.85,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002743/1313002743_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002743/1313002743_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002743.p?id=mp1313002743&skuId=1313002743",
      "sku": 1313002743,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 189.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 500MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Even as this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/480G internal solid state drive fills up, rapid data transfer rates ensure ideal performance. The included adapter makes it simple to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730800_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4730/4730800_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/4730800.p?id=1219809797102&skuId=4730800",
      "sku": 4730800,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black/Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 262.09,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON HyperX Savage 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA interface; quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller; read speeds up to 520MB/sec. with incompressible data; write speeds up to 500MB/sec. with incompressible data",
      "longDescription": "Even as this Kingston HyperX Savage SHSS37A/480G internal solid state drive fills up, rapid data transfer rates ensure ideal performance. The included adapter makes it simple to convert the 2.5\" SATA interface to 3.5\" for use in your desktop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002705/1313002705_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002705/1313002705_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black-red/1313002705.p?id=mp1313002705&skuId=1313002705",
      "sku": 1313002705,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - HyperX Savage 960 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Red",
      "modelNumber": "SHSS3B7A/960G",
      "regularPrice": 433.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powerful performance, unparalleled design.   HyperX&#174; Savage solid-state drive offers extreme performance for the  extreme performer. The fastest HyperX SATA-based SSD, it's powered by a  quad-core, 8-channel Phison S10 controller that delivers incredible speeds  up to 560MB/s read and 530MB/s write, with read/write IOPS up to 100k/89k.  The result is ultra-responsive multitasking and an overall faster system that  maintains performance even as the drive fills up.   With its low profile and slim, 7mm form factor, HyperX Savage SSD fits in most  notebooks, desktops and HTPC builds. Its unique look, with high-quality red  steel and aluminum casing and diamond-cut design, helps you stand out in  the crowd and complements the latest PC hardware.   It's available in a bundle kit that includes everything you need to install  Savage in your existing system, including a USB 3.0 enclosure to transfer data  from 2.5\" hard drives; a 2.5\"-3.5\" adapter to mount in a desktop environment;  SATA data cable; multi-bit screwdriver and Acronis&#174; data migration software.  HyperX Savage SSD is 100-percent factory tested and backed by a three-year  warranty, free technical support and legendary reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002750/1313002750_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313002/1313002750/1313002750_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-hyperx-savage-960-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-red/1313002750.p?id=mp1313002750&skuId=1313002750",
      "sku": 1313002750,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - Kingston RA1072M Kingston Digital  240 GB SSDNow KC300 SATA 3 2.5-Inch Solid State Drive with Adapter - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 114.86,
      "shortDescription": "One of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market.  Advanced data integrity protection built in.  Enterprise-grade SMART attributes allow for easy drive monitoring.  Advanced Power Management - extends notebook battery life during typical",
      "longDescription": "One of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market.  Advanced data integrity protection built in.  Enterprise-grade SMART attributes allow for easy drive monitoring.  Advanced Power Management - extends notebook battery life during typical computing session.  Durable - Dura Write intelligent compression engine extends the life of the SSD. SATA Rev. 3.0 (6Gb/s) - with backwards compatibility to SATA Rev. 2.0.  Sequential Reads SATA Rev. 3.0 525MB/s - Sequential Writes SATA Rev. 3.0 500MB/s.  2.5IN 7MM HEIGHT W/ADAPTER.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206728/1309206728_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206728/1309206728_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-kingston-ra1072m-kingston-digital-240-gb-ssdnow-kc300-sata-3-2-5-inch-solid-state-drive-with-adapter-multicolor/1309206728.p?id=mp1309206728&skuId=1309206728",
      "sku": 1309206728,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3D7/120G 120GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/120G",
      "regularPrice": 68.03,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 120GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Desktop Upgrade Kit - SV300S3D7/120G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Desktop Upgrade Kit Includes3.5\" Bracket & Mounting ScrewsSATA Data & Power CablesHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502107/1305502107_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502107/1305502107_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3d7-120g-120gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii/1305502107.p?id=mp1305502107&skuId=1305502107",
      "sku": 1305502107,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3D7/60G 60GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III 2.5IN",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/60G",
      "regularPrice": 72.66,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 60GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Desktop Upgrade Kit - SV300S3D7/60G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Desktop Upgrade Kit Includes3.5\" Bracket & Mounting ScrewsSATA Data & Power CablesHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502084/1305502084_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502084/1305502084_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3d7-60g-60gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii-2-5in/1305502084.p?id=mp1305502084&skuId=1305502084",
      "sku": 1305502084,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3N7A/120G 120GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 68.51,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 120GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Notebook Upgrade Kit - SV300S3N7A/120G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Notebook Upgrade Kit Includes2.5\" USB Enclosure7mm to 9.5mm adapterHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502114/1305502114_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502114/1305502114_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3n7a-120g-120gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii/1305502114.p?id=mp1305502114&skuId=1305502114",
      "sku": 1305502114,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSD SV300S3N7A/60G 60GB SSDNOW V300 SATA III 2.5IN",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/60G",
      "regularPrice": 72.63,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes V300 60GB 2.5\" SATA III Solid State Drive (SSD) and Notebook Upgrade Kit - SV300S3N7A/60G",
      "longDescription": "Revive your computer.Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI SandForce controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.Notebook Upgrade Kit Includes2.5\" USB Enclosure7mm to 9.5mm adapterHard Drive Cloning Software (CD)Installation Video (DVD)",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502091/1305502091_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305502/1305502091/1305502091_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssd-sv300s3n7a-60g-60gb-ssdnow-v300-sata-iii-2-5in/1305502091.p?id=mp1305502091&skuId=1305502091",
      "sku": 1305502091,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 180 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 112.52,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206711/1309206711_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206711/1309206711_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-180-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309206711.p?id=mp1309206711&skuId=1309206711",
      "sku": 1309206711,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 200 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "E100",
      "regularPrice": 1111.61,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295748/1307295748_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295748/1307295748_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-200-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1307295748.p?id=mp1307295748&skuId=1307295748",
      "sku": 1307295748,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "E50",
      "regularPrice": 218.51,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 48000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 72000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Gray - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Increase IOPs without sacrificing data integrity.   Kingston's SSDNow E50 features high IOPs and bandwidth performance to solve I/O latencies and bottlenecks and increase your server's performance. E50's 6Gbps SATA interface provides max bandwidth over 500MB/s read/write. This drive is built with MLC Sync NAND and is rated at 60,000 read/write IOPS versus an average IOPS rating of 300 for a 15K SAS HDD.   E50's advanced data integrity protection gives you peace of mind by ensuring a longer life for your data and your drive. DuraWrite&#8482; extends the life of the SSD by efficiently reducing the Flash writes without sacrificing data integrity. RAISE&#8482; technology provides superior protection against uncorrectable errors, while overprovisioning and advanced wear-leveling ensure consistent performance and wear over the life of the drive.   SSDNow E50 also features intelligent power failure protection to prevent data loss in case of a power failure. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309726/1309726998/1309726998_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309726/1309726998/1309726998_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-gray/1309726998.p?id=mp1309726998&skuId=1309726998",
      "sku": 1309726998,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "E50",
      "regularPrice": 342.29,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 530 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 53000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 32000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Black, Gray, Red, White - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Increase IOPs without sacrificing data integrity.   Kingston's SSDNow E50 features high IOPs and bandwidth performance to solve I/O latencies and bottlenecks and increase your server's performance. E50's 6Gbps SATA interface provides max bandwidth over 500MB/s read/write. This drive is built with MLC Sync NAND and is rated at 60,000 read/write IOPS versus an average IOPS rating of 300 for a 15K SAS HDD.   E50's advanced data integrity protection gives you peace of mind by ensuring a longer life for your data and your drive. DuraWrite&#8482; extends the life of the SSD by efficiently reducing the Flash writes without sacrificing data integrity. RAISE&#8482; technology provides superior protection against uncorrectable errors, while overprovisioning and advanced wear-leveling ensure consistent performance and wear over the life of the drive.   SSDNow E50 also features intelligent power failure protection to prevent data loss in case of a power failure. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309712/1309712137/1309712137_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309712/1309712137/1309712137_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309712137.p?id=mp1309712137&skuId=1309712137",
      "sku": 1309712137,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313278/1313278568/1313278568_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313278/1313278568/1313278568_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313278568.p?id=mp1313278568&skuId=1313278568",
      "sku": 1313278568,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040648/1311040648_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040648/1311040648_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311040648.p?id=mp1311040648&skuId=1311040648",
      "sku": 1311040648,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 59.14,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040631/1311040631_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311040/1311040631/1311040631_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311040631.p?id=mp1311040631&skuId=1311040631",
      "sku": 1311040631,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow E100 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SE100S37/100G",
      "regularPrice": 609.08,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295731/1307295731_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295731/1307295731_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-e100-drive/1307295731.p?id=mp1307295731&skuId=1307295731",
      "sku": 1307295731,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow E100 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SE100S37/400G",
      "regularPrice": 1148.41,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 535 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's enterprise-class E100 solid-state drive is ideal for mission-critical environments such as datacentres, which need to be up and running 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. E100 combines impressive endurance and reliability with power-failure support to ensure uninterrupted operation. E100 offers 10X endurance over typical client SSDs, with 30K program/erase cycles on E100 vs. 3K program/erase cycles on client SSDs. It features an SF-2500 enterprise-class processor, DuraWrite for maximum read/write performance and endurance and RAISE for advanced error correction. With speed read/write performance delays of large data sets, E100 helps solve the IO latency bottlenecks in servers. It enables larger enterprise virtualisation projects by increasing the number of virtual systems supported using the existing hardware infrastructure.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295755/1307295755_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307295/1307295755/1307295755_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-e100-drive/1307295755.p?id=mp1307295755&skuId=1307295755",
      "sku": 1307295755,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC300 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 99.29,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge. KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206735/1309206735_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206735/1309206735_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc300-solid-state-drive/1309206735.p?id=mp1309206735&skuId=1309206735",
      "sku": 1309206735,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC300 Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "KC300",
      "regularPrice": 145.17,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more out of your computer.   Kingston's KC300 SSDNow solid-state drive is one of the most power-efficient   SSDs on the market. It provides up to 40 minutes more battery life than a   hard drive, to let you do more work from a single charge.    KC300 features enterprise-grade SMART attributes that track wear range   data, SSD life left, write amplification and total bytes written to analyze   your workload and monitor the drive's health. Its Advanced Data Integrity   Protection includes DuraWrite&#8482; and RAISE&#8482; for a longer life for your data and   your drive.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308445/1308445029/1308445029_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308445/1308445029/1308445029_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc300-solid-state-drive-multi/1308445029.p?id=mp1308445029&skuId=1308445029",
      "sku": 1308445029,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow KC380 480 GB 1.8\" Internal Solid State Drive - White",
      "modelNumber": "SKC380S3/480G",
      "regularPrice": 413.94,
      "shortDescription": "Micro SATA - 530 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 340 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 21000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 13000IOPS Random 4KB Write - White, Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Big SSD performance in a small SSD case. Kingston's SSDNow KC380 1.8\" solid-state drive features a small case form factor that fits in notebooks, sub-notebooks, tablet PCs and netbooks with a smaller physical device storage footprint. Lighter than a traditional hard drive, it lets users take advantage of the durability, reliability and performance improvements of Flash memory in systems currently using 1.8\" hard drives and is the ultimate hard drive replacement.    KC380 consumes less power and generates less heat than a traditional HDD - at a fraction of the cost of a new system. It offers advanced data integrity protection and an award-winning SandForce&#174; second-generation SSD processor with DuraClassTM technology. DuraClass features include DuraWriteTM and advanced wear-levelling to extend the life of the drive, and garbage collection and over-provisioning for consistent performance and a longer life for your SSD and your data.   KC380 is backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313006/1313006055/1313006055_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313006/1313006055/1313006055_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-kc380-480-gb-1-8-internal-solid-state-drive-white/1313006055.p?id=mp1313006055&skuId=1313006055",
      "sku": 1313006055,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow mS200",
      "modelNumber": "mS200",
      "regularPrice": 30.80,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Save space, time and money.Kingston's SSDNow mS200 mSATA solid-state drive offers a costeffective performance boost with a dual-drive option that allows room for adding high-capacity storage. Ideal for system builders, OEMs and enthusiasts, the mS200's ruggedly-cool, miniscule form factor is eight times smaller than a traditional 2.5-inch hard drive, making it perfect for notebooks, tablets and Ultrabooks. mS200 is available in capacities of up to 120GB and features a caseless, PCB-only design with no moving parts. It's backed by a three-year warranty (the 30GB offers a two-year warranty), free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308875/1308875123/1308875123_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308875/1308875123/1308875123_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-ms200/1308875123.p?id=mp1308875123&skuId=1308875123",
      "sku": 1308875123,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow mS200 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "mS200",
      "regularPrice": 39.05,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Save space, time and money.Kingston's SSDNow mS200 mSATA solid-state drive offers a costeffective performance boost with dual-drive option that allows room for adding high-capacity storage. Ideal for system builders, OEMs and enthusiasts, the mS200's ruggedly-cool, miniscule form factor is eight times smaller than a traditional 2.5\" hard drive, making it perfect for notebooks, tablets and Ultrabooks. Available in capacities of up to 120GB, the mS200 SSD has a caseless, PCB-only design with no moving parts and is backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825807/1308825807_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825807/1308825807_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-ms200-solid-state-drive/1308825807.p?id=mp1308825807&skuId=1308825807",
      "sku": 1308825807,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow S200 Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SS200S3/30G",
      "regularPrice": 45.60,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 500 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 100 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "SSDNow S200 DriveKingston's SSDNow S200 increases speeds and reliability in non-PC applications. This commercial-grade, low-capacity solid-state drive is available in cased and caseless form factors. Bootable and silent with no moving parts, it runs cool. It's perfect for design-in for non-traditional PC applications such as toll booths, digital kiosks and signage and ATMs, as an alternative to compact Flash or hard drive-based solutions. SSDNow S200 is cost-efficient and available globally. It's backed by a two-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825791/1308825791_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308825/1308825791/1308825791_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-s200-drive/1308825791.p?id=mp1308825791&skuId=1308825791",
      "sku": 1308825791,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 67.44,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 120GB capacity, this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/120G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive makes it easy to expand your laptop's or desktop's storage space. Silent, cool operation ensures enhanced performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382952/1305382952_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382952/1305382952_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-120gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1305382952.p?id=mp1305382952&skuId=1305382952",
      "sku": 1305382952,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/120G",
      "regularPrice": 64.99,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 120GB capacity, this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/120G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive makes it easy to expand your laptop's or desktop's storage space. Silent, cool operation ensures enhanced performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8844/8844412_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/8844/8844412_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-120gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/8844412.p?id=1218911733212&skuId=8844412",
      "sku": 8844412,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 118.74,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; helps improve application loading and system start-up; silent and cool operation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.; includes adapter",
      "longDescription": "Improve your laptop's or desktop's performance with this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/240G solid state drive, which features a 240GB capacity for storing files and enhancing start-up. The Serial ATA III interface enables simple installation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940473/1305940473_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940473/1305940473_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-240gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1305940473.p?id=mp1305940473&skuId=1305940473",
      "sku": 1305940473,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 480GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/480G",
      "regularPrice": 144.76,
      "shortDescription": "KINGSTON SSDNow V300 480GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; silent, cool operation; simple installation; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy responsive performance with this Kingston SSDNow V300 SV300S37A/480G internal Serial ATA III solid state drive, which delivers data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec. for efficient operation. The 480GB capacity accommodates your media files.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206919/1309206919_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309206/1309206919/1309206919_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-480gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1309206919.p?id=mp1309206919&skuId=1309206919",
      "sku": 1309206919,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 60 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S37A/60G",
      "regularPrice": 51.88,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Kingston's SSDNow V300 solid-state drive is a cost-effective way to revive your computer. It's 10x faster than a hard drive plus more reliable, more durable and shock-proof. It features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and best-in-class components, and is available in kits with all the accessories needed for an effortless transition to the latest technology. For added peace of mind, it's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston&#174; reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382945/1305382945_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382945/1305382945_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-60-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1305382945.p?id=mp1305382945&skuId=1305382945",
      "sku": 1305382945,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 Solid Sate Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3N7A/240G",
      "regularPrice": 99.07,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston&#174; SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940497/1305940497_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940497/1305940497_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-solid-sate-drive/1305940497.p?id=mp1305940497&skuId=1305940497",
      "sku": 1305940497,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Kingston - SSDNow V300 Solid Sate Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SV300S3D7/240G",
      "regularPrice": 98.96,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Get more life out of your computer and maximize your existing investment by replacing your old hard drive with a Kingston&#174; SSDNow V300 solid-state drive. It's the most cost-efficient way to dramatically improve the responsiveness of your system - and it's less disruptive than migrating your data to a new system.SSDNow V300 features an LSI&#174; SandForce&#174; controller customized for Kingston and optimized for next-generation Flash memory to deliver the utmost in quality and reliability from two leading SSD brands. Because it's made with solid-state components and has no moving parts, it's shock-proof and withstands drops and bumps.SSDNow V300 is easy to install and available in kits that include all the accessories you'll need, including the software to clone your files and OS in minutes. It's backed by a three-year warranty, free technical support and legendary Kingston reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940480/1305940480_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305940/1305940480/1305940480_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/kingston-ssdnow-v300-solid-sate-drive/1305940480.p?id=mp1305940480&skuId=1305940480",
      "sku": 1305940480,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Lenovo - IdeaCentre Stick 300 - Intel Atom - 2GB Memory - 32GB Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "90F20000US",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "Windows 10Technical details: Intel&#174; Atom&#8482; processor; 2GB memory; 32GB solid state driveSpecial features: Built-in wireless networking; BluetoothNote: DVD/CD drive not included",
      "longDescription": "Lenovo IdeaCentre Stick 300: This ultracompact computer features a USB interface and built-in wireless networking, so you can connect to an HDTV or high-definition monitor and enjoy fast Web access and simple multitasking and navigation. Bluetooth lets you sync with a variety of compatible devices.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4472/4472201_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4472/4472201_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/lenovo-ideacentre-stick-300-intel-atom-2gb-memory-32gb-solid-state-drive-black/4472201.p?id=1219751161670&skuId=4472201&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4472201,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.2"
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 397.26,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040516/1313040516_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040516/1313040516_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040516.p?id=mp1313040516&skuId=1313040516",
      "sku": 1313040516,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 2.5\" 128GB Micron M600 SATA Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MTFDDAK128MBF-1AN12A",
      "regularPrice": 78.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Description:Micron's M600 client SSD delivers the highest performance and greatest power savings available in our client SSD portfolio. Features like dynamic write acceleration and class-leading power efficiency help client computing customers continue to advance their performance, power savings, and reliability while maintaining slim and lightweight designs.Features:Deliver High Performance: Lightning-quick boot-up and wake from sleepExtend Battery Life: Class-leading power efficiencyProtect Data: Government-grade encryption, enhanced data protection, and power-loss protection for data at restIncrease Reliability: Adaptive thermal monitoring ensures reliability in space-constrained designsExtend Endurance: Drive life of up to 400TB TBWFit Your Design: Four slim, lightweight form factors to choose fromTechnical Information:Capacity: 128GBInterface: SATA 6 Gb/sForm Factors: 2.5\"Sequential performance (up to): Read: 560 MB/sWrite: 510 MB/sRandom performance (up to): Read: 100,000 IOPSWrite: 88,000 IOPSPCMark Vantage score (up to): 87000Active average power consumption (TYP): 150mWIdle average power consumption: Device sleep power consumption: Endurance(TBW): 100TBDimensions: 100.45 x 69.85 x 7mmMTTF: 1.5 million hours",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040493/1313040493_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040493/1313040493_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-2-5-128gb-micron-m600-sata-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040493.p?id=mp1313040493&skuId=1313040493",
      "sku": 1313040493,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M510DC",
      "regularPrice": 201.16,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 420 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 290 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Hot Pluggable",
      "longDescription": "Micron's M510DC solid state drive (SSD) uses a single-chip controller with a SATA interface on the system side and n-channels of Micron NAND Flash internally. Packaged in an HDD replacement enclosure, the SSD integrates easily in existing storage infrastructures.The M510DC is designed to support and manage the needs of enterprise platforms that utilize high IOPs traffic previously supported solely by SLC solutions, it provides the performance, endurance, and data integrity required by these growing environments.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354132/1313354132_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354132/1313354132_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354132.p?id=mp1313354132&skuId=1313354132",
      "sku": 1313354132,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 113.26,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026663/1314026663_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026663/1314026663_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026663.p?id=mp1314026663&skuId=1314026663",
      "sku": 1314026663,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 113.26,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040523/1313040523_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040523/1313040523_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040523.p?id=mp1313040523&skuId=1313040523",
      "sku": 1313040523,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 128.33,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026656/1314026656_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314026/1314026656/1314026656_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314026656.p?id=mp1314026656&skuId=1314026656",
      "sku": 1314026656,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 212.36,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040509/1313040509_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040509/1313040509_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040509.p?id=mp1313040509&skuId=1313040509",
      "sku": 1313040509,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 212.36,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040547/1313040547_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040547/1313040547_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040547.p?id=mp1313040547&skuId=1313040547",
      "sku": 1313040547,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 512 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M600",
      "regularPrice": 230.66,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2260",
      "longDescription": "Next-Generation Performance for Client Computing Provide exceptional performance and endurance and extremely low power consumption for client computing devices-from desktop gaming rigs to corporate road warrior tablets-with our M600 SATA SSD. We build the M600 with features like our dynamic write acceleration to provide superior performance and greater power savings. We offer a variety of form factors ideal for small, portable designs with capacities up to 1TB.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040530/1313040530_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313040/1313040530/1313040530_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-512-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313040530.p?id=mp1313040530&skuId=1313040530",
      "sku": 1313040530,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Micron - 800 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "M500DC",
      "regularPrice": 661.83,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 425 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 375 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The Perfect Fit for Data Centers  Meet the 24/7 demands of data center appliances and enterprise storage applications that require 1 to 3 drive fills per day with the M500DC SATA enterprise SSD. The M500DC's rich features and optimized endurance, as well as ensured quality of service over random workloads, is the perfect fit for data centers that need greater data  throughput.  The M500DC uses Micron's extended performance and enhanced reliability technology (XPERT) features to help ensure data integrity, extend drive life, and optimize performance. It is available in 1.8-inch and 2.5-inch form factors and 120-800GB capacities. Micron provides worldclass support and proven quality and reliability that can  only be offered by a truly vertically integrated SSD supplier.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262918/1313262918_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262918/1313262918_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/micron-800-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313262918.p?id=mp1313262918&skuId=1313262918",
      "sku": 1313262918,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Mushkin - MKNSSDAT240GB Atlas mSATA 240GB Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MKNSSDAT240GB",
      "regularPrice": 103.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 560 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Atlas&#8482; - mSATA Introducing Atlas Deluxe, the fastest mSATA SSD on the market. Designed to unleash the hidden performance of today's notebooks and ultrabooks, the Atlas Deluxe easily installs in any device with an mSATA slot.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309821/1309821617/1309821617_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309821/1309821617/1309821617_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/mushkin-mknssdat240gb-atlas-msata-240gb-solid-state-drive-multi/1309821617.p?id=mp1309821617&skuId=1309821617",
      "sku": 1309821617,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    }
  ]
})
<<<<<<< HEAD
ON_CALLBACK({
  "from": 101,
  "to": 200,
  "total": 273,
  "currentPage": 2,
  "totalPages": 3,
  "queryTime": "0.250",
  "totalTime": "1.091",
  "partial": false,
  "canonicalUrl": "/v1/products((marketplace=*)&categoryPath.id=pcmcat201300050005)?show=name,modelNumber,regularPrice,shortDescription,longDescription,image,thumbnailImage,url,sku,customerReviewAverage&page=2&format=json&callback=JSON_CALLBACK&apiKey=da2muhz5qcjjeebx6fytxhqy",
  "products": [
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ARC100-25SAT3-120G",
      "regularPrice": 75.32,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 70000IOPS Random 4KB Read",
      "longDescription": "OCZ Storage Solutions 120 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 70000IOPS Random 4KB Read",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439922/1312439922_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439922/1312439922_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-120-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312439922.p?id=mp1312439922&skuId=1312439922",
      "sku": 1312439922,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ARC100-25SAT3-240G",
      "regularPrice": 94.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 430 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 70000IOPS Random 4KB Read - Retail",
      "longDescription": "OCZ Storage Solutions 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 430 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 70000IOPS Random 4KB Read - Retail",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439939/1312439939_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439939/1312439939_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312439939.p?id=mp1312439939&skuId=1312439939",
      "sku": 1312439939,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ARC100-25SAT3-480G",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 430 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Read - Retail",
      "longDescription": "OCZ Storage Solutions 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 490 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 430 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Read - Retail",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439946/1312439946_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312439/1312439946/1312439946_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312439946.p?id=mp1312439946&skuId=1312439946",
      "sku": 1312439946,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - Vector 150 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "VTR150-25SAT3-240G",
      "regularPrice": 188.22,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - Black, Blue - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "OCZ Storage Solutions Vector 150 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - Black, Blue - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309694/1309694563/1309694563_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309694/1309694563/1309694563_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-vector-150-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309694563.p?id=mp1309694563&skuId=1309694563",
      "sku": 1309694563,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - Vector 150 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "VTR150-25SAT3-480G",
      "regularPrice": 363.92,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 95000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Black, Blue - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Why Manage Barriers...When You Can Shatter ThemThe original OCZ Vector Series broke new ground, but it's the next generation Vector 150 Series that shatters today's SSD barriers by providing unparalleled sustained storage performance and long-term endurance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309851/1309851966/1309851966_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309851/1309851966/1309851966_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-vector-150-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1309851966.p?id=mp1309851966&skuId=1309851966",
      "sku": 1309851966,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - Vertex 450 - 7mm SATA 3 2.5\" SSD",
      "modelNumber": "450",
      "regularPrice": 124.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 525 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 290 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Storage Designed for Today's Multimedia, Multitasking World Get to know next-generation storage at its finest. Using the latest 20nm NAND flash process, OCZ Vertex 450 SSDs deliver performance and reliability designed to empower your laptop or desktop to be faster and more responsive. Engineered by longtime SSD experts, the OCZ Vertex 450 Series delivers the performance, productivity, and energy efficiency missing from your current system. Clear your life of computer lag, and get a computing experience worthy of your time. If you want lasting reliability, durability, and stealth operation, here it is. With revolutionary SSD quality and technology in every drive, the Vertex 450 Series is built to provide years of hard drive-humiliating performance. Proving storage can-and should-do more than store. Vertex 450 SSDs dramatically accelerate gaming, content creation, and multimedia applications, while driving an improved overall computing experience. Imagine faster file transfers, quicker boot ups, and system responsiveness that makes you wonder why you stuck with that hard drive for so long. Get to know next-generation storage at its finest.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307585/1307585672/1307585672_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307585/1307585672/1307585672_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-vertex-450-7mm-sata-3-2-5-ssd/1307585672.p?id=mp1307585672&skuId=1307585672",
      "sku": 1307585672,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "OCZ Storage Solutions - Vertex 450 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "VTX450-25SAT3-512G",
      "regularPrice": 399.95,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 85000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Storage Designed for Today's Multimedia, Multitasking WorldGet to know next-generation storage at its finest. Using the latest 20nm NAND flash process, OCZ Vertex 450 SSDs deliver performance and reliability designed to empower your laptop or desktop to be faster and more responsive. Engineered by longtime SSD experts, the OCZ Vertex 450 Series delivers the performance, productivity, and energy efficiency missing from your current system. Clear your life of computer lag, and get a computing experience worthy of your time.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311703/1311703550/1311703550_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311703/1311703550/1311703550_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ocz-storage-solutions-vertex-450-solid-state-drive/1311703550.p?id=mp1311703550&skuId=1311703550",
      "sku": 1311703550,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Panasonic - Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "CF-WSD311231",
      "regularPrice": 500.00,
      "shortDescription": null,
      "longDescription": "Panasonic 128 GB Internal Solid State Drive",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306502/1306502588/1306502588_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306502/1306502588/1306502588_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/panasonic-solid-state-drive/1306502588.p?id=mp1306502588&skuId=1306502588",
      "sku": 1306502588,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Patriot Memory - Pyro 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "PP240GS25SSDR",
      "regularPrice": 92.79,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Powerered by the latest SandForce SF-2281 processor, the Patriot Memory Pyro line will continue to expand on what's expected out of performance level SSDs. To meet the demanding needs of the power users and prosumer markets, the Patriot Memory Pyro will deliver blazing fast 500MB+ read and write speeds for the best in class performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305163/1305163131/1305163131_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305163/1305163131/1305163131_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/patriot-memory-pyro-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1305163131.p?id=mp1305163131&skuId=1305163131",
      "sku": 1305163131,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "EP7011",
      "regularPrice": 243.80,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 330 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Enterprise Grade Quality & Reliability The PNY EP7011 Enterprise Solid-State Drive (SSD) is specifically designed for Cloud Storage and Data Centers. The EP7011 is a 2.5-inch SATA III 7mm (6 Gb/s) SSD that is available in capacities of 80GB, 240GB and 480GB.  The EP7011 has the ability to transform your data center by delivering high performance and high reliability right to your enterprise applications. All PNY enterprise drives are put through extensive enterprise grade quality and reliability testing to ensure the lifetime of the drive. Featuring ultra-low power consumption and no moving parts, PNY SSDs in the data center generate less heat and offer increased durability, in turn lowering your TCO without compromising on performance or reliability.  Optimized for read-intensive enterprise storage solutions Enterprise-grade quality & reliability On die data redundancy offers increased data protection Power Loss Imminent (PLI) protection keeps data safe in the event of an unplanned power loss DuraWrite technology to extend the endurance of the SSD S.M.A.R.T drive health monitoring AES-256 bit encryption Secure Erase Full end-to-end data path protection with enhanced ECC US-based technical support and customer service 5-year warranty Designed, Developed, Assembled and Tested in the USA",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313717/1313717845/1313717845_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313717/1313717845/1313717845_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313717845.p?id=mp1313717845&skuId=1313717845",
      "sku": 1313717845,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - Client 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CL4111",
      "regularPrice": 294.44,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 545 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 525 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "The PNY CL4111 is a 2.5-inch SATA III (6 Gb/s) fast and reliable OEM-grade solid-state drive (SSD) from the CL4000 Client Series of SSD products.Optimized for reliability, power-efficiency, and durability, the CL4111 is targeted to meet stringent OEM requirements. The PNY CL4111 SSD provides higher data input/output (I/O) operations, and throughput speeds while using a fraction of the power. In addition, the CL4000 Client Series SSD features DevSleep low power idle modes to further optimize power efficiency for mobile devices resulting in a noticeable increase in battery life without sacrificing system responsiveness. The PNY CL4111 offers capacities including 240, 480 and 960GB** using industry standard, compute grade MLC NAND flash memories paired with SandForce&#174; family of controllers. The hardware based data compression optimizes writes to the flash memory and implements highly intelligent block management with wear leveling schemes to increase overall drive endurance and reliability.Superior Performance & Enhanced SecurityHigh sequential read speed of up to 545 MB/sRandom read speeds up to 27K IOPS for read intensive applicationsHardware based AES 256-bit encryption, Secure Erase featuresBest in class end to end data protection with enhanced ECCImproved Reliability With Lower Total Cost Of Ownership (TCO)MTBF: 1,500,000 Hours with 5 years warrantySupport for S.M.A.R.T drive health monitoringExtensive qualification reduces downtime and lowers TCO in client IT environmentsApplicationsSupports multiple OS and business applications; very fast application launchCorporate business PC and thin client",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312980/1312980592/1312980592_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312980/1312980592/1312980592_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-client-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312980592.p?id=mp1312980592&skuId=1312980592",
      "sku": 1312980592,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - CS1300 120Gb Internal SATA Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SSD7CS1311-120-RB",
      "regularPrice": 49.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; TLC NAND; low power consumption; sequential read speeds up to 560MB/sec.; sequential write speed up to 420MB/sec.; shoick-proof",
      "longDescription": "The CS1311 SSD is a 2.5 SATA III 7mm internal Solid-State Drive from PNYs CS1300 Value Family of Solid State Drives. The PNY CS1311 is an ideal SSD for reviving your laptop or desktop to experience the true speed of your PC or Mac. Maximize the existing investment in your computer by upgrading to the CS1311, and see a dramatic improvement in boot-up time, application loads, and the overall responsiveness of your system. The affordable and fast PNY CS1311 delivers the performance you want, at a cost-efficient price point.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825603_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825603_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-cs1300-120gb-internal-sata-solid-state-drive-black/4825603.p?id=bb4825603&skuId=4825603&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4825603,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - CS1311 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD7CS1311-240-RB",
      "regularPrice": 79.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; TLC NAND; data transfer rates up to 6Gbps; shock-proof",
      "longDescription": "Upgrading to the CS1311 SSD will help you experience an overall performance boost. Boot up, power down, and load applications in seconds. With no moving parts, the PNY CS1311 is highly durable and includes a 3-year limited warranty.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825701_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825701_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-cs1311-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive/4825701.p?id=bb4825701&skuId=4825701&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4825701,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - CS1311 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD7CS1311-480-RB",
      "regularPrice": 149.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; TLC NAND; data transfer rates up to 6Gbps; shock-proof",
      "longDescription": "Upgrading to the CS1311 SSD will help you experience an overall performance boost. Boot up, power down, and load applications in seconds. With no moving parts, the PNY CS1311 is highly durable and includes a 3-year limited warranty.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825401_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825401_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-cs1311-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive/4825401.p?id=bb4825401&skuId=4825401&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4825401,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - CS2211 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD7CS2211-240-RB",
      "regularPrice": 89.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; MLC NAND; data transfer rates up to 6Gbps; shock-proof",
      "longDescription": "The PNY CS2211 2.5-inch SATA (6 Gb/s) solid-state drive (SSD) is the next generation of XLR8 SSD that offers extreme performance for demanding multimedia files. The CS2211 will not just quell the concern over \"big data,\" it'll allow you to push the limits of even the most demanding applications. Whether editing videos with 4k content or seeking out an edge over the competition in the high performance gaming segment, the CS2211 is the perfect solution.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825500_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825500_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-cs2211-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive/4825500.p?id=bb4825500&skuId=4825500&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4825500,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "PNY - CS2211 480GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD7CS2211-480-RB",
      "regularPrice": 159.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; MLC NAND; data transfer rates up to 6Gbps; shock-proof",
      "longDescription": "The PNY CS2211 2.5-inch SATA (6 Gb/s) solid-state drive (SSD) is the next generation of XLR8 SSD that offers extreme performance for demanding multimedia files. The CS2211 will not just quell the concern over \"big data,\" it'll allow you to push the limits of even the most demanding applications. Whether editing videos with 4k content or seeking out an edge over the competition in the high performance gaming segment, the CS2211 is the perfect solution.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825702_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4825/4825702_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/pny-cs2211-480gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive/4825702.p?id=bb4825702&skuId=4825702&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4825702,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 512 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SM951",
      "regularPrice": 329.99,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express - 2.10 GB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 1.46 GB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Samsung's Client Edition Solid-State Drives (SSDs) use the latest in-house NAND Flash and an advanced in-house controller to deliver superior performance, exceptional reliability, and minimal power drain, while securing your files with leading-edge data protection. Samsung SSDs feature superior sequential read and write speeds, along with first-class random read and write levels. These drives are ideal for heavy performance-centric uses, such as multi-tasking, complex data manipulation, and high-performance gaming. SSDs represent the first major advancement in primary storage technology in years.Upgrading to a Samsung SSD might be the most important computer upgrade you ever make. Samsung SSD users will experience dramatic improvements in boot time, shutdown, application loads, web browsing, application installations, and file copies. When accessing data, SSDs regularly outperform traditional Hard Disk Drives (HDDs) by as much as 100 times. Due to their precision engineering and super-thin design, Samsung SSDs can be installed easily in most PCs, ultrabooks, and notebooks to replace outdated HDDs. SSDs lack moving mechanical parts, resulting in extremely short startup and shutdown/standby times and extended durability. Samsung SSDs feature leading-edge data protection, eliminating any concerns about data theft. Samsung SSDs will transform your computing experience with their revolutionary random access speeds, multi-tasking prowess, and outstanding durability and reliability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313742/1313742397/1313742397_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313742/1313742397/1313742397_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-512-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313742397.p?id=mp1313742397&skuId=1313742397",
      "sku": 1313742397,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 EVO 1 TB Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-MTE1T0",
      "regularPrice": 499.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 1 GB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module - 97000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 88000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Light and slim Protect your data with a secure encryption engine Deliver faster sequential write speeds Stay connected longer with extended battery life Keep your PC performance safe from heat",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310029/1310029729/1310029729_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310029/1310029729/1310029729_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-evo-1-tb-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1310029729.p?id=mp1310029729&skuId=1310029729",
      "sku": 1310029729,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 EVO 750GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7TE750BW",
      "regularPrice": 449.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; RAPID technology; TurboWrite write acceleration technology; 3-core MEX controller; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "Featuring a brushed-aluminum case, this Samsung 840 EVO MZ-7TE750BW internal solid state drive provides a durable design that helps ensure your digital files are safe. The One-Stop Install Navigator and Data Migration enable easy installation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309722/1309722556/1309722556_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309722/1309722556/1309722556_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-evo-750gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/1309722556.p?id=mp1309722556&skuId=1309722556",
      "sku": 1309722556,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 Pro 128GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7PD128BW",
      "regularPrice": 159.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Update files quickly with this Samsung 840 Pro MZ-7PD128BW 128GB internal solid state drive, which features data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec. The Serial ATA interface simplifies installation in your PC, Mac or Linux laptop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308098/1308098690/1308098690_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308098/1308098690/1308098690_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-pro-128gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1308098690.p?id=mp1308098690&skuId=1308098690",
      "sku": 1308098690,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.9"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 Pro 256GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7PD256BW",
      "regularPrice": 229.95,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "This Samsung 840 Pro MZ-7PD256BW 256GB internal solid state drive features data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec. for rapid response when updating files. The Serial ATA interface allows simple installation in your PC, Mac or Linux laptop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305391/1305391961/1305391961_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305391/1305391961/1305391961_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-pro-256gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1305391961.p?id=mp1305391961&skuId=1305391961",
      "sku": 1305391961,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.6"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 Pro Series 512GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7PD512BW",
      "regularPrice": 399.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; multicore controller and firmware; AES 256-bit, full-disk encryption; data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec.; 256MB buffer",
      "longDescription": "Enhance your laptop's performance with this Samsung 840 Pro Series MZ-7PD512BW internal Serial ATA solid state drive that features a 512GB storage capacity and delivers data transfer rates up to 540MB/sec. to support gaming, video editing and more.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305594/1305594904/1305594904_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305594/1305594904/1305594904_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-pro-series-512gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/1305594904.p?id=mp1305594904&skuId=1305594904",
      "sku": 1305594904,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 840 Series 120GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive For Laptops",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7TD120BW",
      "regularPrice": 129.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; up to 530MB/sec. read speeds; up to 130MB/sec. write speeds",
      "longDescription": "Save music, movies and other files on your laptop with this Samsung 840 Series solid state drive that features a 120GB capacity for ample storage space. The SmartMigration software ensures smooth transition of your operating system and data.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304942/1304942201/1304942201_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304942/1304942201/1304942201_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-840-series-120gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/1304942201.p?id=mp1304942201&skuId=1304942201",
      "sku": 1304942201,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 1 TB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-M5E1T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 307.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 1000 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557947/1312557947_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557947/1312557947_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-1-tb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557947.p?id=mp1312557947&skuId=1312557947",
      "sku": 1312557947,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-M5E120BW",
      "regularPrice": 77.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312676/1312676990/1312676990_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312676/1312676990/1312676990_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312676990.p?id=mp1312676990&skuId=1312676990",
      "sku": 1312676990,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 120 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-N5E120BW",
      "regularPrice": 79.24,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312689/1312689242/1312689242_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312689/1312689242/1312689242_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-120-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312689242.p?id=mp1312689242&skuId=1312689242",
      "sku": 1312689242,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 120GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E120B",
      "regularPrice": 79.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; 32-layer 3D VNAND flash memory; TurboWrite technology; AES 256-bit hardware encryption; read speeds up to 540MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Access data with this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-75E120B internal Serial ATA solid state drive, which delivers rapid read speeds and features TurboWrite technology to ensure fast transfer rates. AES 256-bit hardware encryption keeps sensitive data private.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1661/1661019_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1661/1661019_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-120gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1661019.p?id=1219507983030&skuId=1661019&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1661019,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 1TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E1T0B/AM",
      "regularPrice": 399.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; 3D V-NAND technology; RAPID mode; AES 256-bit encryption; TurboWrite technology; read speeds up to 540MB/sec.; write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "This Samsung 850 EVO MZ-75E1T0B/AM solid state drive features 3D V-NAND technology to provide enhanced performance while taking up minimal space in your compatible Windows computer. The 1TB capacity provides plenty of space for media and more.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2333/2333012_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2333/2333012_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-1tb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-black/2333012.p?id=1219535627189&skuId=2333012&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 2333012,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 250 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-N5E250BW",
      "regularPrice": 148.74,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557954/1312557954_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557954/1312557954_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-250-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557954.p?id=mp1312557954&skuId=1312557954",
      "sku": 1312557954,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 250GB Internal mSATA Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-M5E250BW",
      "regularPrice": 143.99,
      "shortDescription": "mSATA interface; 3D V-NAND flash memory; TurboWrite technology; RAPID mode; Dynamic Thermal Guard; up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speed; up to 540MB/sec. sequential read speed",
      "longDescription": "Store up to 250GB of data on this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-M5E250BW solid state drive, which features fast read and write speeds with TurboWrite technology for optimal performance. The Dynamic Thermal Guard feature helps prevent your PC from overheating.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/6020/6020127_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/6020/6020127_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-250gb-internal-msata-solid-state-drive/6020127.p?id=1219661891803&skuId=6020127&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 6020127,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 250GB Internal mSATA Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-M5E250BW",
      "regularPrice": 97.59,
      "shortDescription": "mSATA interface; 3D V-NAND flash memory; TurboWrite technology; RAPID mode; Dynamic Thermal Guard; up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speed; up to 540MB/sec. sequential read speed",
      "longDescription": "Store up to 250GB of data on this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-M5E250BW solid state drive, which features fast read and write speeds with TurboWrite technology for optimal performance. The Dynamic Thermal Guard feature helps prevent your PC from overheating.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557909/1312557909_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557909/1312557909_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-250gb-internal-msata-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557909.p?id=mp1312557909&skuId=1312557909",
      "sku": 1312557909,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 250GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E250B",
      "regularPrice": 109.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; 32-layer 3D VNAND flash memory; TurboWrite technology; AES 256-bit hardware encryption; read speeds up to 540MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 250GB capacity, this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-75E250B internal Serial ATA hard drive provides plenty of space for your digital media. TurboWrite technology delivers rapid read and write speeds for efficient performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1661/1661028_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1661/1661028_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-250gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1661028.p?id=1219507977158&skuId=1661028&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1661028,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E2T0B/AM",
      "regularPrice": 853.99,
      "shortDescription": "SAMSUNG 850 EVO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive: SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND technology; RAPID mode; dynamic thermal guard protection; up to 540 Mbps sequential read; up to 520 Mbps sequential write",
      "longDescription": "Store up to 2TB of media on this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-75E2T0B/AM solid state drive, which features Advanced AES 256 encryption to keep your data secure. Quick data transfer rates ensure fast, reliable performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4662/4662607_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4662/4662607_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-2tb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-black/4662607.p?id=1219817353760&skuId=4662607",
      "sku": 4662607,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 500 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E500B",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1000 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 256-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "3D V-NAND TechnologySamsung's 3D V-NAND flash memory helps to overcome the limitations of conventional planar NAND architecture. It stacks 32 cell layers vertically over one another rather than trying to fit itself onto a fixed horizontal space, in order to provide high density and performance with a small footprint.TurboWrite Technology Samsung's TurboWrite technology helps to maximize your computing ability. The 850 EVO delivers exceptionally high performance in sequential read (540MB/s) and write (520MB/s) speeds, as well as optimized random performance for high-end computing on client PCs.Rapid Mode Samsung's Magician software provides a Rapid Mode for fast processing speeds on a system level by utilizing unused PC memory (DRAM) as cache storage, as well as high performance at various random queue depths.5-Year Limited Warranty The 850 EVO offers endurance and reliability with a high TBW (Total Bytes Written), all backed by a 5-year limited warranty up to 150TBW. It also mimimizes performance degradation over time, in order to provide sustained performance for business users.Long Lasting and Energy Efficient Enjoy long battery life on your notebook to maximize productivity, thanks to a controller optimized for Samsung's 3D V-NAND technology and enabling device sleep at a highly efficient 2mW. The 850 EVO is also highly energy efficient as compared to planar 2D NAND technology.AES 256-Bit Encryption Secure data without performance degradation thanks to AES 256-bit encryption that is compliant with TCG Opal 2.0. The 850 EVO is also compatible with Microsoft&#174; e-drive IEEE1667 for extra protection to help secure your peace of mind.Dynamic Thermal Guard This constantly monitors and works to maintain ideal temperatures to protect the integrity of your data and safeguard from overheating. When temperatures rise above an optimal threshold, the Dynamic Thermal Guard automatically throttles them down to protect data while maintaining responsiveness.One-Stop Install Navigator Our One-Stop Install Navigator software allows you to migrate all the data and applications from your existing primary storage to the 850 EVO in three simple steps. The Samsung Magician software also allows you to optimize and manage your system in a manner that is best suited for the SSD.Samsung Components The 850 EVO is built from Samsung Components that are designed and manufactured in-house to allow complete optimized integration. This means high performance, low power consumption with an up to 1 GB LPDDR2 DRAM cache memory and excellent energy-efficiency with the MEX/MGX controller.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312752/1312752663/1312752663_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312752/1312752663/1312752663_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-500-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312752663.p?id=mp1312752663&skuId=1312752663",
      "sku": 1312752663,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 500 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-M5E500BW",
      "regularPrice": 163.99,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557916/1312557916_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557916/1312557916_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-500-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557916.p?id=mp1312557916&skuId=1312557916",
      "sku": 1312557916,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 500 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-N5E500BW",
      "regularPrice": 164.00,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2",
      "longDescription": "Innovative 3D V-NAND TechnologyIncredible Read/Write PerformanceEnhanced Endurance and ReliabilityThe Most Evolved SSD for Ultra-thin Laptops and PCs",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557961/1312557961_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557961/1312557961_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-500-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557961.p?id=mp1312557961&skuId=1312557961",
      "sku": 1312557961,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 EVO 500GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-75E500B",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA interface; 32-layer 3D VNAND flash memory; TurboWrite technology; AES 256-bit hardware encryption; read speeds up to 540MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With TurboWrite technology, this Samsung 850 EVO MZ-75E500B 500GB internal SATA hard drive allows you to quickly update files. The 32-layer 3D VNAND flash memory ensures reliable performance, and AES 256-bit encryption keeps your data private.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1662/1662009_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1662/1662009_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-evo-500gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1662009.p?id=1219507980756&skuId=1662009&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1662009,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE1T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 498.42,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.  Ultimate Read/Write Performance Samsung's 850 PRO, the world's first 32 layer 3D V-NAND, provides up to 100K IOPS Random Read Speed and 520 MB/s Sequential Write speed and the option of enabling Samsung RAPID mode, which can kick up to even higher speeds. With up to 2x the speed and density of conventional 2D flash, you get the most speed available for gaming and real world performance  Enhanced Endurance and ReliabilityWith an industry-leading 10 year, 150 TBW warranty, the 850 PRO offers unbeatable reliability. When combined with the 850 PRO's 256-bit AES Self-Encrypting Drive (SED) security technology, you can rely on your files being secure and available whenever you need them.  Efficient Power ManagementFeaturing a 4th generation MEX Controller, the 850 PRO offers one of the most energy-efficient drives on the market, using up to 50% less power than traditional hard drives. It has the lowest active write power consumption and supports device sleep mode, which lowers power consumption to under 2mW.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312584/1312584844/1312584844_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312584/1312584844/1312584844_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312584844.p?id=mp1312584844&skuId=1312584844",
      "sku": 1312584844,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE1T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 608.97,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1.02 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312547/1312547221/1312547221_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312547/1312547221/1312547221_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312547221.p?id=mp1312547221&skuId=1312547221",
      "sku": 1312547221,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE1T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 479.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 1.02 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312698/1312698466/1312698466_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312698/1312698466/1312698466_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312698466.p?id=mp1312698466&skuId=1312698466",
      "sku": 1312698466,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE128BW",
      "regularPrice": 120.20,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 256 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557640/1312557640_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312557/1312557640/1312557640_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312557640.p?id=mp1312557640&skuId=1312557640",
      "sku": 1312557640,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE128BW",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 256 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312677/1312677935/1312677935_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312677/1312677935/1312677935_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312677935.p?id=mp1312677935&skuId=1312677935",
      "sku": 1312677935,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 128GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE128BW",
      "regularPrice": 109.99,
      "shortDescription": "3D VNAND flash memory; MEX controller; SED technology; Dynamic Thermal Guard protection; One-stop Install Navigator software",
      "longDescription": "Conveniently store your music, movies and other content with this Samsung 850 PRO SSD128GB MZ-7KE128BW solid state drive that features 128GB storage capacity for ample space. The SED technology helps ensure your computer and personal data's security.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/9426/9426232_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/9426/9426232_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-128gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/9426232.p?id=1219414548226&skuId=9426232&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 9426232,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 1TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE1T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 499.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND architecture; SED (Self-Encrypting Drive) technology; read speeds up to 550MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Store up to 1TB of data on this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE1T0BW internal SATA III solid state drive, which features 3D V-NAND architecture for enhanced performance and a compact size. Dynamic Thermal Guard protection defends against overheating.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2397/2397049_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2397/2397049_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-1tb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/2397049.p?id=1219539803925&skuId=2397049&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 2397049,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE256BW",
      "regularPrice": 141.31,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312312/1312312676/1312312676_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312312/1312312676/1312312676_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312312676.p?id=mp1312312676&skuId=1312312676",
      "sku": 1312312676,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 256GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE256BW",
      "regularPrice": 149.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; MEX controller; 32-layer 3D V-NAND flash memory; SED (self-encrypting drive) technology; read speeds up to 550MB/sec.; write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "House important files on this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE256BW internal solid state drive, which features a 256GB capacity that offers ample room for storage and SED (self-encrypting drive) technology to keep stored information safe.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1660/1660001_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1660/1660001_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-256gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1660001.p?id=1219507979079&skuId=1660001&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1660001,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.9"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE2T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 1072.99,
      "shortDescription": "SAMSUNG 850 PRO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND technology; RAPID mode; dynamic thermal guard protection; up to 550MB/sec. sequential read speed; up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speed",
      "longDescription": "Keep up to 2TB of media on this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE2T0BW solid state drive, which features up to 550MB/sec. sequential read and up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speeds for rapid, reliable performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4690/4690500_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4690/4690500_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-2tb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/4690500.p?id=1219801180352&skuId=4690500",
      "sku": 4690500,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE2T0BW",
      "regularPrice": 897.99,
      "shortDescription": "SAMSUNG 850 PRO 2TB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND technology; RAPID mode; dynamic thermal guard protection; up to 550MB/sec. sequential read speed; up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speed",
      "longDescription": "Keep up to 2TB of media on this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE2T0BW solid state drive, which features up to 550MB/sec. sequential read and up to 520MB/sec. sequential write speeds for rapid, reliable performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313714/1313714080/1313714080_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313714/1313714080/1313714080_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-2tb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1313714080.p?id=mp1313714080&skuId=1313714080",
      "sku": 1313714080,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 Pro 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE512BW",
      "regularPrice": 274.15,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 512 MB Buffer - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "The Samsung 850 PRO SSD redefines storage with the world's first drive based on 3D VNAND flash, offering exceptional read/write performance, reliability and power management efficiency. The 850 Pro delivers up to 2x the speed, density and endurance of conventional flash.   The next leading SSD for performance, endurance and energy efficiency V-NANDSamsung's flash memory is fabricated using an innovative 3D V-NAND architecture, which stacks 32 cell layers on top of one another. The result is higher density and higher performance using a smaller footprint and a breakthrough in overcoming the density limits of conventional planar NAND.  Ultimate Read/Write PerformancePowered by Samsung's cutting-edge 3D V-NAND technology, the NAND flash memory delivers class-leading read and write performance for both sequential and random workloads.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312618/1312618815/1312618815_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312618/1312618815/1312618815_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312618815.p?id=mp1312618815&skuId=1312618815",
      "sku": 1312618815,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 512GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE512BW",
      "regularPrice": 259.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND architecture; SED (Self-Encrypting Drive) technology; read speeds up to 550MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Upgrade your laptop's storage with this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE512BW internal SATA III solid state drive, which offers a generous 512GB capacity for digital data. SED (Self-Encrypting Drive) technology controls access to private information.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2167/2167165_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/2167/2167165_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-512gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/2167165.p?id=1219530041648&skuId=2167165&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 2167165,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 850 PRO 512GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7KE512BW",
      "regularPrice": 227.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; 3D V-NAND architecture; SED (Self-Encrypting Drive) technology; read speeds up to 550MB/sec., write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Upgrade your laptop's storage with this Samsung 850 PRO MZ-7KE512BW internal SATA III solid state drive, which offers a generous 512GB capacity for digital data. SED (Self-Encrypting Drive) technology controls access to private information.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312261/1312261080/1312261080_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312261/1312261080/1312261080_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-850-pro-512gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1312261080.p?id=mp1312261080&skuId=1312261080",
      "sku": 1312261080,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 950 PRO 256GB Internal PCI Express 3.0 Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-V5P256BW",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express 3.0 x4 NVMe 1.1 interface; Samsung V-NAND technology; M.2 2280 form factor; sequential read speeds up to 2200MB/sec.; sequential write speeds up to 900MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Build an efficient computer by adding this 256GB Samsung 950 PRO MZ-V5P256BW internal solid state drive, which features a PCI Express 3.0 x4 NVMe 1.1 interface and Samsung V-NAND technology for optimal performance and reliability.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4712/4712600_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4712/4712600_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-950-pro-256gb-internal-pci-express-3-0-solid-state-drive-black/4712600.p?id=1219807036070&skuId=4712600&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4712600,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - 950 Pro 512GB Internal PCI Express Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-V5P512BW",
      "regularPrice": 349.99,
      "shortDescription": "PCI Express Interface; NVMe technology; Dynamic Thermal Throttling Protection; up to 2500 Mbps sequential read; up to 1500 Mbps sequential write",
      "longDescription": "Store up to 512GB of data with this Samsung 950 Pro MZ-V5P512BW internal solid state drive, which features an NVMe interface to handle intensive workloads. The power-efficient design helps your laptop battery to last longer.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4687/4687900_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4687/4687900_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-950-pro-512gb-internal-pci-express-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/4687900.p?id=1219801180353&skuId=4687900&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4687900,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - MZ-7TE250BW 840 EVO SATAIII TLC Solid State Drive SSD 250GB",
      "modelNumber": "MZ-7TE250BW",
      "regularPrice": 169.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 97000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 66000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 840 EVO MZ-7TE250BW 250 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 97000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 66000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309722/1309722549/1309722549_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309722/1309722549/1309722549_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-mz-7te250bw-840-evo-sataiii-tlc-solid-state-drive-ssd-250gb/1309722549.p?id=mp1309722549&skuId=1309722549",
      "sku": 1309722549,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - MZNLN256HCHP-00000 PM871 256GB M.2 SATA III Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "MZNLN256HCHP-00000",
      "regularPrice": 147.59,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - OEM",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - SATA - 540 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 510 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - OEM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314339/1314339503/1314339503_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314339/1314339503/1314339503_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-mznln256hchp-00000-pm871-256gb-m-2-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-multi/1314339503.p?id=mp1314339503&skuId=1314339503",
      "sku": 1314339503,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - Refurbished 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "15VFHDD0010",
      "regularPrice": 37.99,
      "shortDescription": "Silver - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Refurbished - Silver - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313855/1313855240/1313855240_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313855/1313855240/1313855240_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-refurbished-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1313855240.p?id=mp1313855240&skuId=1313855240",
      "sku": 1313855240,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - Refurbished 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "15VFHDD0009",
      "regularPrice": 42.99,
      "shortDescription": "Silver - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Refurbished - Silver - 1 Pack",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313855/1313855233/1313855233_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313855/1313855233/1313855233_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-refurbished-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-silver/1313855233.p?id=mp1313855233&skuId=1313855233",
      "sku": 1313855233,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - T1 1TB External Serial ATA Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MUPS1T0BAM",
      "regularPrice": 355.50,
      "shortDescription": "SAMSUNG T1 1000GB External Serial ATA Portable Solid State Drive: Serial ATA interface; 256-bit AES encryption",
      "longDescription": "This Samsung T1 MUPS1T0BAM external solid state drive's 1000GB capacity provides plenty of space to house documents and other important files, so you can easily back them up and take them on the go.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312366/1312366907/1312366907_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312366/1312366907/1312366907_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-t1-1tb-external-serial-ata-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1312366907.p?id=mp1312366907&skuId=1312366907",
      "sku": 1312366907,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - T1 250GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MU-PS250B",
      "regularPrice": 97.99,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 interface; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 250GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: With fast data transfer speeds and a slim, portable design, this external hard drive allows quick access to photos, music, videos and documents on the go. Advanced security settings protect the safety and integrity of your valuable information.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312401/1312401899/1312401899_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312401/1312401899/1312401899_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-t1-250gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1312401899.p?id=mp1312401899&skuId=1312401899",
      "sku": 1312401899,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Samsung - T1 500GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "MU-PS500B",
      "regularPrice": 249.99,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 interface; data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Samsung 500GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: With fast data transfer speeds and a slim, portable design, this external hard drive allows quick access to photos, music, videos and documents on the go. Advanced security settings protect the safety and integrity of your valuable information.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3473/3473038_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3473/3473038_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/samsung-t1-500gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/3473038.p?id=1219581289765&skuId=3473038&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 3473038,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.3"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "X300s",
      "regularPrice": 532.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "SecurityThe X300s supports the TCG Opal 2.0 and Microsoft Encrypted Hard Drive industry security standards and is supported by a broad ISV ecosystem.Security Management SoftwareSanDisk's broad ecosystem of independent software vendors (ISVs) for security management delivers easier data protection management in today's multiplatform environments, as well as cloud-based manageability of SE-SSDs, making them a viable option for businesses with a wide range of IT requirements and budgets. This ecosystem also allows corporations to meet many of the regulatory standards for encryption of protected employee data such as those mandated by HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, PCI-DSS, and many state and local privacy laws. Corporations can easily deploy Data Loss Prevention methods to protect corporate IP, meet compliance laws, and reduce overall TCO.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858525/1312858525_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858525/1312858525_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858525.p?id=mp1312858525&skuId=1312858525",
      "sku": 1312858525,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "U110",
      "regularPrice": 88.04,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 470 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 9200IOPS Random 4KB Read - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Powerful Performance in Small Form FactorsThe SanDisk U110 SSD pushes mobile devices to the frontiers of technology. The U110 SSD is a compact, cost-efficient, and fast storage solution for today's Ultrabooks and tablets; and it is ideal for best-in-class dual-drive caching solutions.Designed and built on the philosophy of providing improved user-experience at an affordable cost, the SanDisk U110 SSD is the perfect replacement for an HDD in the consumer market. It outperforms HDDs in size, weight, shock and vibration tolerance, power consumption; and sequential and random write performances. End users will love the combination of fast data access, reliable performance, and low power consumption.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310272/1310272217/1310272217_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310272/1310272217/1310272217_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-black/1310272217.p?id=mp1310272217&skuId=1310272217",
      "sku": 1310272217,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - 256 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "Z400s",
      "regularPrice": 82.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 546 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 342 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "RELIABILITY AND LOW POWER FOR EMBEDDED PLATFORMSThe SanDisk Z400s SSD delivers the performance, capacities, and form factors  ideal for replacing HDDs in embedded systems. Competitively priced, it can  outperform HDDs by a factor of 20 and is 5 times more reliable at 1/20th the  power consumption. Companies looking to design sleek, green products will  also appreciate its silent, low power, and low heat characteristics.The Z400s is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of embedded platforms. It is available in 2.5\"  7mm cased, M.2 (2242 & 2280), and mSATA form factors with capacities of 32GB, 64GB, 128GB, and 256GB,  which makes it ideal for verticals such as:ATMs and interactive kiosks used in a variety of industries, including banking, hotels, and healthcare POS systems in the retail, hospitality, and restaurant industries that process numerous daily transactions Digital signage used in retail and commercial spaces Reliability & TCO The SanDisk Z400s SSD can  improve total cost of ownership  (TCO) by reducing downtime and  service requests due to hard drive  failures. Its solid-state design means  there are no moving parts, making  it shock-resistant and much more  reliable than traditional HDDs.Endurance The Z400s is able to sustain a high  volume of transactions, which is  well-suited for POS systems, ATMs,  and other embedded platforms that  handle frequent transactions.Low Power Its low power characteristics mean  it generates very little heat, making  the Z400s perfect for green and  fanless designs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354064/1313354064_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354064/1313354064_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-256-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354064.p?id=mp1313354064&skuId=1313354064",
      "sku": 1313354064,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "X300s",
      "regularPrice": 263.40,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 96000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "SecurityThe X300s supports the TCG Opal 2.0 and Microsoft Encrypted Hard Drive industry security standards and is supported by a broad ISV ecosystem.Security Management SoftwareSanDisk's broad ecosystem of independent software vendors (ISVs) for security management delivers easier data protection management in today's multiplatform environments, as well as cloud-based manageability of SE-SSDs, making them a viable option for businesses with a wide range of IT requirements and budgets. This ecosystem also allows corporations to meet many of the regulatory standards for encryption of protected employee data such as those mandated by HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, PCI-DSS, and many state and local privacy laws. Corporations can easily deploy Data Loss Prevention methods to protect corporate IP, meet compliance laws, and reduce overall TCO.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354026/1313354026_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354026/1313354026_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354026.p?id=mp1313354026&skuId=1313354026",
      "sku": 1313354026,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - 64 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "X300s",
      "regularPrice": 63.27,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 96000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "SecurityThe X300s supports the TCG Opal 2.0 and Microsoft Encrypted Hard Drive industry security standards and is supported by a broad ISV ecosystem.Security Management SoftwareSanDisk's broad ecosystem of independent software vendors (ISVs) for security management delivers easier data protection management in today's multiplatform environments, as well as cloud-based manageability of SE-SSDs, making them a viable option for businesses with a wide range of IT requirements and budgets. This ecosystem also allows corporations to meet many of the regulatory standards for encryption of protected employee data such as those mandated by HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, PCI-DSS, and many state and local privacy laws. Corporations can easily deploy Data Loss Prevention methods to protect corporate IP, meet compliance laws, and reduce overall TCO.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311693/1311693936/1311693936_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311693/1311693936/1311693936_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-64-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311693936.p?id=mp1311693936&skuId=1311693936",
      "sku": 1311693936,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Ascend 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "383669",
      "regularPrice": 263.61,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 470 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "CloudSpeed Ascend&#8482; SATA SSDs from SanDisk are the next generation of 19nm eMLC NAND flash technology, providing higher performance than the previous generation and are optimized for enterprise server and cloud computing environments. CloudSpeed Ascend SSDs are ideally suited for read-intensive applications such as, File Servers, Web-based Applications and Virtual Tape Libraries (VTL). The CloudSpeed Ascend SSDs excellent price-performance makes it an ideal replacement for hard disk drives.Available in capacities of 120GB to 960GB*, CloudSpeed Ascend SSDs feature a 6Gb/s SATA interface and provide data transfer rates up to 470/450 MB/s** sequential read/write and performance up to 70K/14K IOPS random read/write. CloudSpeed Ascend SSDs offer high data integrity by employing a combination of powerful error correction and detection, full data path protection, thermal monitoring, and data fail recovery.Guardian Technology&#8482; PlatformCloudSpeed Ascend SATA SSDs are powered by SanDisk's proprietary Guardian Technology Platform, a suite of enterprise features that include FlashGuard&#8482;, DataGuard&#8482; and EverGuard&#8482; technologies.FlashGuard Technology combines Aggregated Flash Management, which treats all flash elements as a single system, and Advanced Signal Processing, which dynamically adjusts flash parameters throughout the life of the SSD, to reliably extract significantly more life from cost-effective 19nm eMLC flash, making it suitable for read-intensive application workloads.DataGuard Technology features full data path protection, safeguarding user data from corruption along all data paths in the SSD.EverGuard Technology protects against loss of user data in the event of unexpected power interruptions using a 3rd genearation backup power circuit design and high-reliability discrete capacitors.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858563/1312858563_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858563/1312858563_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-ascend-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858563.p?id=mp1312858563&skuId=1312858563",
      "sku": 1312858563,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Ascend 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLFODAR-480G-1HA1",
      "regularPrice": 485.11,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 15000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 50 Pack - Bulk",
      "longDescription": "Enterprise-Class Performance with the Right Capabilities at a Competitive Price  SanDisk's CloudSpeed Ascend&#8482; SSDs target read-intensive application workloads, such as file servers, Web-based applications, and virtual tape libraries (VTL). Along with SanDisk's Guardian Technology&#8482; platform and the latest generation of consumer multi-level cell (MLC) NAND flash technology, they deliver all the features expected from an enterprise-class SSD-at a great value.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858570/1312858570_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858570/1312858570_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-ascend-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858570.p?id=mp1312858570&skuId=1312858570",
      "sku": 1312858570,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Ascend 960 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLFOCAR-960G-1HA1",
      "regularPrice": 690.82,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Enterprise-Class Performance with the Right Capabilities at a Competitive Price  SanDisk's CloudSpeed Ascend&#8482; SSDs target read-intensive application workloads, such as file servers, Web-based applications, and virtual tape libraries (VTL). Along with SanDisk's Guardian Technology&#8482; platform and the latest generation of consumer multi-level cell (MLC) NAND flash technology, they deliver all the features expected from an enterprise-class SSD-at a great value.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858587/1312858587_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858587/1312858587_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-ascend-960-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858587.p?id=mp1312858587&skuId=1312858587",
      "sku": 1312858587,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Eco 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "389840",
      "regularPrice": 373.51,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 475 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 450 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "CloudSpeed Eco&#8482; SATA SSDsCost-effective storage for read-intensive workloads with high performance and low power consumption. CloudSpeed Eco&#8482; SATA SSDs from SanDisk are specifically designed for entry level enterprise, hyperscale and cloud data center server and storage environments. Based on 19nm cMLC NAND flash, these SSDs are optimized for read-intensive applications, such as Web Servers, Web 2.0 Content Repository, Photo Sharing, Media Streaming, Video on Demand (VOD), and Cloud Computing. CloudSpeed Eco SATA SSDs deliver up to 5x higher endurance than competing client MLC SATA SSDs.Available in capacities of 240GB - 960GB, CloudSpeed Eco SSDs feature a native 6Gb/s SATA interface and provides data transfer rates of up to 475/450 MB/s sequential read/write and performance up to 80K/14K IOPS random read/write. CloudSpeed Eco SSDs deliver superior read performance with consistent QoS and low power consumption for mission-critical, read-intensive application workloads. SanDisk's proprietary Guardian Technology&#8482; Platform delivers full data path protection by enabling cMLC NAND flash to provide greater endurance, ensure data integrity, and protect data against power loss, reducing the total cost of ownership (TCO).Guardian Technology&#8482; PlatformCloudSpeed Eco SATA SSDs are powered by SanDisk's proprietary Guardian Technology Platform, a suite of enterprise features that include FlashGuard&#8482;, DataGuard&#8482; and EverGuard&#8482; technologies.FlashGuard Technology combines Aggregated Flash Management, which treats all flash elements as a single system, and Advanced Signal Processing, which dynamically adjusts flash parameters throughout the life of the SSD, to reliably extract significantly more life from cost-effective 19nm cMLC flash, making it suitable for read-intensive application workloads.DataGuard Technology features full data path protection, safeguarding user data from corruption along all data paths in the SSD.EverGuard Technology protects against loss of user data in the event of unexpected power interruptions using a 3rd genearation backup power circuit design and high-reliability discrete capacitors.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858679/1312858679_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858679/1312858679_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-eco-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858679.p?id=mp1312858679&skuId=1312858679",
      "sku": 1312858679,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Eco 960 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "389839",
      "regularPrice": 874.00,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Enterprise-Class Performance with the Right Capabilities at a Competitive PriceCloudSpeed Eco&#8482; SATA SSDs are specifically designed for entry level enterprise, hyperscale, and cloud data center server and storage environments. Optimized for read-intensive application workloads, these SATA SSDs provide predictable high performance, excellent reliability, and low power consumption. They enable immediate access to data by delivering the high read-throughput and low latency required for consistent high quality of service (QoS) and meet the performance-to-capacity ratio requirements of cloud and data center environments.Photo SharingPhoto sharing has become a major workload for social media sites - and for many email users. Initially, photos must be stored - but later accesses involve reading, rather than writing, the data on storage media. The longer the photo has been stored, the less frequently it is accessed, usage studies show. This is why archiving is important, while ensuring quick and easy access at a later time. SanDisk flash storage preserves the data on non-volatile memory for later retrieval - and provides high capacity that can be leveraged by service providers storing the photo images. Photo Sharing Photo sharing has become a major workload for social media sites - and for many email users. Initially, photos must be stored - but later accesses involve reading, rather than writing, the data on storage media. The longer the photo has been stored, the less frequently it is accessed, usage studies show. This is why archiving is important, while ensuring quick and easy access at a later time. SanDisk flash storage preserves the data on non-volatile memory for later retrieval - and provides high capacity that can be leveraged by service providers storing the photo images. Web ServersSSDs support Internet traffic that enters the data center for processing by avoiding I/O bottlenecks. This enables fast processing by cloud service providers and accelerates end-to-end Web-enabled workloads.Media StreamingFlash storage supports high data transfer rates for the large datasets that are generated for movies, videos, and music and distributed via broadcast and the Internet. Flash also supports faster animation rendering and image-painting and enhances performance with near-real-time results.Cloud ComputingCloud computing infrastructure is generally scale-out infrastructure, involving hundreds or thousands of small servers, arranged in a grid, cluster, or array. Applications and data are distributed across the cloud computing infrastructure-and software guides the motion of virtual machines (VMs) across distributed server resources in the cloud data center. SanDisk flash storage enables high performance for cloud computing workloads and ensures efficient processing for applications.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858686/1312858686_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858686/1312858686_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-eco-960-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858686.p?id=mp1312858686&skuId=1312858686",
      "sku": 1312858686,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - CloudSpeed Ultra 800 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "383747",
      "regularPrice": 777.88,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 450 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 50 Pack - Bulk",
      "longDescription": "Enterprise-Class Performance with the Right Capabilities at a Competitive Price CloudSpeed Ultra&#8482; SSDs are designed specifically for mixed-use application workloads such as Financial Transactions, E-Commerce and Email/Messaging. CloudSpeed SSDs use SanDisk's Guardian Technology&#8482; platform to increase endurance up to 5x higher than other multi-level cell (MLC) SSDs, providing server and database computing customers with a reliable alternative to hard disk drives at a competitive cost.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858556/1312858556_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858556/1312858556_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-cloudspeed-ultra-800-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858556.p?id=mp1312858556&skuId=1312858556",
      "sku": 1312858556,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme 500 120GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDEXT-120G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 interface; SecureAccess software; PC and Mac compatible; shock- and vibration-resistant; withstands extreme temperatures; up to 415MB/sec. read and 340MB/sec. write speeds",
      "longDescription": "Keep sensitive files safe when you utilize this SanDisk Extreme 500 portable solid state drive, which withstands shock, vibration and extreme temperatures for durability. SecureAccess software encrypts private files to protect against intruders.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4290/4290141_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4290/4290141_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-500-120gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/4290141.p?id=1219718416386&skuId=4290141&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4290141,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme 500 240 GB External Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDEXT-240G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 179.99,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - 415 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 340 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Portable - 128-bit Encryption Standard",
      "longDescription": "Speed Counts Who wants to spend precious time waiting, waiting-for big files to transfer and open? The SanDisk Extreme 500 portable SSD speeds up the pace of business for fast-moving photographers and videographers. Time is money after all. Size Matters The SanDisk Extreme 500 portable SSD is both very small and very big-a few inches square and available in 120GB and 240GB** of portable storage for on-the-go media pros. Think of it as power in your pocket-or your camera bag. Trust a Tough Guy Bump it. Drop it. Leave it in the hot or cold. The SanDisk Extreme 500 portable SSD is built tough to resist shocks, vibrations and temperature extremes**. Protect Your Privacy SanDisk SecureAccess&#8482; software uses 128-bit encryption** to keep private files from prying eyes. Stay Cool Hard drives generate heat. They can't help it, it's how they're built. The SanDisk Extreme 500 portable SSD is a cool and quiet companion and a solid partner on even the busiest of days. It's Our Specialty For more than 25 years, SanDisk has focused on flash memory. Building state of the art storage solutions for consumers and businesses alike. Which is why professional photographers and videographers around the world turn to us.Compatibility and Warranty Compatible with PC & Mac computers- no drivers needed. Works with Windows Vista, Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Mac OS 10.4+. 3 year warranty**",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313349/1313349138/1313349138_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313349/1313349138/1313349138_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-500-240-gb-external-solid-state-drive-multi/1313349138.p?id=mp1313349138&skuId=1313349138",
      "sku": 1313349138,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme PRO 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDXPS-240G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 144.35,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Game without limits when you step up to the 24/7 high-performance nCache&#8482; Pro Technology delivers. Graphics-intensive games load in a heartbeat and run blazing fast to keep you immersed in the action.Innovative nCache&#8482; Pro technology delivers consistent high performancePro-level read and write speedsLoad and run games and graphics-intensive applications blazing fastIndustry-leading 10 year limited warrantyEasy-to-use SSD Dashboard for drive monitoring and managementCool, quiet operation and low power consumption",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509861/1312509861_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509861/1312509861_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-pro-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312509861.p?id=mp1312509861&skuId=1312509861",
      "sku": 1312509861,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme PRO 240 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDXPS240GG25M",
      "regularPrice": 179.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "PERFORMANCE WITHOUT LIMITS. Consistent performance at all levels No stall. No stutter. Innovative nCache Pro Technology delivers extreme performance you can count on, every day, every week, every year. Pro-level speeds SanDisk Extreme PRO SSD delivers super-fast 550MB/s sequential read speeds so you can work, and play, with no delays. Load and run in a heartbeat Waiting for big, graphics-intensive apps and games to load is time you'll never get back. With SanDisk Extreme PRO SSD, it's time you never have to waste.Trust your SSD. We do. We stand behind our SSD for ten long years. Since we pioneered the modern SSD more than 20 years ago, we have good reason to believe in our drives. Always know what's going on With our SanDisk SSD Dashboard, you always have visibility into how your drive's performing, what firmware updates are available, and what you can do to maintain peak performance.Runs cool and quiet With no moving parts, our SSDs run cool and quiet even when you use them often. Your battery lasts longer on a single charge, and your laptop has a longer life-up to 33% longer",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314210/1314210413/1314210413_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314210/1314210413/1314210413_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-pro-240-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314210413.p?id=mp1314210413&skuId=1314210413",
      "sku": 1314210413,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme PRO 480 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDXPS-480G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 227.45,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Game without limits when you step up to the 24/7 high-performance nCache&#8482; Pro Technology delivers. Graphics-intensive games load in a heartbeat and run blazing fast to keep you immersed in the action.Innovative nCache&#8482; Pro technology delivers consistent high performancePro-level read and write speedsLoad and run games and graphics-intensive applications blazing fastIndustry-leading 10 year limited warrantyEasy-to-use SSD Dashboard for drive monitoring and managementCool, quiet operation and low power consumption",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312474/1312474657/1312474657_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312474/1312474657/1312474657_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-pro-480-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312474657.p?id=mp1312474657&skuId=1312474657",
      "sku": 1312474657,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme PRO 480 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDXPS480GG25M",
      "regularPrice": 294.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "PERFORMANCE WITHOUT LIMITS. Consistent performance at all levels No stall. No stutter. Innovative nCache Pro Technology delivers extreme performance you can count on, every day, every week, every year. Pro-level speeds SanDisk Extreme PRO SSD delivers super-fast 550MB/s sequential read speeds so you can work, and play, with no delays. Load and run in a heartbeat Waiting for big, graphics-intensive apps and games to load is time you'll never get back. With SanDisk Extreme PRO SSD, it's time you never have to waste.Trust your SSD. We do. We stand behind our SSD for ten long years. Since we pioneered the modern SSD more than 20 years ago, we have good reason to believe in our drives. Always know what's going on With our SanDisk SSD Dashboard, you always have visibility into how your drive's performing, what firmware updates are available, and what you can do to maintain peak performance.Runs cool and quiet With no moving parts, our SSDs run cool and quiet even when you use them often. Your battery lasts longer on a single charge, and your laptop has a longer life-up to 33% longer",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314210/1314210376/1314210376_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314210/1314210376/1314210376_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-pro-480-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314210376.p?id=mp1314210376&skuId=1314210376",
      "sku": 1314210376,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Extreme PRO 960 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDXPS-960G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 453.47,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 515 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 100000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Play games? Make games? It's time to get Extreme  Game without limits when you step up to the 24/7 high-performance nCache&#8482; Pro Technology delivers. Graphics-intensive games load in a heartbeat and run blazing fast to keep you immersed in the action. Innovative nCache&#8482; Pro technology delivers consistent high performancePro-level read and write speedsLoad and run games and graphics-intensive applications blazing fastIndustry-leading 10 year limited warrantyEasy-to-use SSD Dashboard for drive monitoring and managementCool, quiet operation and low power consumption",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311693/1311693974/1311693974_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311693/1311693974/1311693974_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-extreme-pro-960-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311693974.p?id=mp1311693974&skuId=1311693974",
      "sku": 1311693974,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Ascend 1.60 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "384691",
      "regularPrice": 2090.46,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs: Supporting Collaboration, Email and VDISandisk's Optimus Ascend&#8482; SAS SSDs are ideal for supporting collaboration, email and messaging, financial transactions, on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI). These workloads are characterized by a mix of reads and writes, as end-users access business services delivering these solutions, and then write new data.Collaboration and EmailCollaborative workloads include email, messaging, and groupware. These workloads, such as Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Exchange and Linux-based groupware, allow end-users to share content and to coordinate with others.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs ensure ease of use for end-users by reducing latency that slows down application performance. They improve the user experience for customers accessing email and collaborative applications, even as the amount of end-user updates ebbs and peaks throughout the workday.Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI)Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs support hundreds of individual end-user sessions running on a central-site server rather than on local PCs. This approach protects enterprise data and ensures business continuity for the organizations that use VDI to reduce operational costs related to IT staff time and maintenance.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs avoid boot storms that slow desktop response times when large numbers of end-users start their VDI-based personal desktop applications all at once. Optimus SAS SSDs allow IT organizations to increase the number of virtual machines supported per server, without sacrificing performance and application response times.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443708/1311443708_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443708/1311443708_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-ascend-1-60-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443708.p?id=mp1311443708&skuId=1311443708",
      "sku": 1311443708,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Ascend 200 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "382993",
      "regularPrice": 435.31,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs: Supporting Collaboration, Email and VDISandisk's Optimus Ascend&#8482; SAS SSDs are ideal for supporting collaboration, email and messaging, financial transactions, on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI). These workloads are characterized by a mix of reads and writes, as end-users access business services delivering these solutions, and then write new data.Collaboration and EmailCollaborative workloads include email, messaging, and groupware. These workloads, such as Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Exchange and Linux-based groupware, allow end-users to share content and to coordinate with others.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs ensure ease of use for end-users by reducing latency that slows down application performance. They improve the user experience for customers accessing email and collaborative applications, even as the amount of end-user updates ebbs and peaks throughout the workday.Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI)Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs support hundreds of individual end-user sessions running on a central-site server rather than on local PCs. This approach protects enterprise data and ensures business continuity for the organizations that use VDI to reduce operational costs related to IT staff time and maintenance.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs avoid boot storms that slow desktop response times when large numbers of end-users start their VDI-based personal desktop applications all at once. Optimus SAS SSDs allow IT organizations to increase the number of virtual machines supported per server, without sacrificing performance and application response times.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443661/1311443661_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443661/1311443661_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-ascend-200-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443661.p?id=mp1311443661&skuId=1311443661",
      "sku": 1311443661,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Ascend 400 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLKODDM-400G-5CA1",
      "regularPrice": 702.46,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 95000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 40000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs: Supporting Collaboration, Email and VDI  Sandisk's Optimus Ascend&#8482; SAS SSDs are ideal for supporting collaboration, email and messaging, financial transactions, on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI). These workloads are characterized by a mix of reads and writes, as end-users access business services delivering these solutions, and then write new data.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443654/1311443654_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443654/1311443654_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-ascend-400-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443654.p?id=mp1311443654&skuId=1311443654",
      "sku": 1311443654,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Ascend 800 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "384688",
      "regularPrice": 1196.97,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 380 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs: Supporting Collaboration, Email and VDISandisk's Optimus Ascend&#8482; SAS SSDs are ideal for supporting collaboration, email and messaging, financial transactions, on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases and virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI). These workloads are characterized by a mix of reads and writes, as end-users access business services delivering these solutions, and then write new data.Collaboration and EmailCollaborative workloads include email, messaging, and groupware. These workloads, such as Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Exchange and Linux-based groupware, allow end-users to share content and to coordinate with others.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs ensure ease of use for end-users by reducing latency that slows down application performance. They improve the user experience for customers accessing email and collaborative applications, even as the amount of end-user updates ebbs and peaks throughout the workday. Collaboration and Email Collaborative workloads include email, messaging, and groupware. These workloads, such as Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Exchange and Linux-based groupware, allow end-users to share content and to coordinate with others. Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs ensure ease of use for end-users by reducing latency that slows down application performance. They improve the user experience for customers accessing email and collaborative applications, even as the amount of end-user updates ebbs and peaks throughout the workday. Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI)Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs support hundreds of individual end-user sessions running on a central-site server rather than on local PCs. This approach protects enterprise data and ensures business continuity for the organizations that use VDI to reduce operational costs related to IT staff time and maintenance.Optimus Ascend SAS SSDs avoid boot storms that slow desktop response times when large numbers of end-users start their VDI-based personal desktop applications all at once. Optimus SAS SSDs allow IT organizations to increase the number of virtual machines supported per server, without sacrificing performance and application response times.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443630/1311443630_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443630/1311443630_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-ascend-800-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443630.p?id=mp1311443630&skuId=1311443630",
      "sku": 1311443630,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Eco 1.60 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "386174",
      "regularPrice": 1609.33,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Cost-Effective, High-Performance SSDs for Fast Access to Large DatasetsOptimus Eco&#8482; SAS solid state drives (SSDs) provide the capacity, speed, and reliability to ensure a cost-effective high-performance storage solution for mixed-use and read-intensive application workloads. They support end-user access to data-streams and to large data sets that have been written to disk with each Optimus Eco SSD providing 400GB to 1.6TB of capacity for mixed-use workloads such as on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases, financial transactions, email/messaging, and virtual desk. The Optimus Eco at the 2TB capacity is ideal for read-intensive application workloads, such as indexing, media-streaming, and video on demand (VOD).On-line Transaction Processing (OLTP) DatabasesDatabases supporting online transaction processing (OLTP) workloads, such as those used inside \"integrated systems,\" must keep pace with large amounts of data, as they are updated throughout the day, for 24/7 operations.These databases must scale, and be reliable, preserving data as it is being written, and recording it for later analysis and use by the business. Accuracy and data integrity are key to these workloads and to their successful deployments across the organization. Often, they serve as the \"databases of record\" for many important enterprise applicationsVideo on Demand (VOD)Video on demand allows users to access video from virtually any device, including PCs, smartphones, and entertainment consoles that are connected to the Internet. Optimus Eco SSDs reduce the time it takes to stream video data, enhancing the end-user experience.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443685/1311443685_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443685/1311443685_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-eco-1-60-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443685.p?id=mp1311443685&skuId=1311443685",
      "sku": 1311443685,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Eco 2 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLLOC6R-020T-5CA1",
      "regularPrice": 1835.68,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 35000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Cost-Effective, High-Performance SSDs for Fast Access to Large Datasets  Optimus Eco&#8482; SAS solid state drives (SSDs) provide the capacity, speed, and reliability to ensure a cost-effective high-performance storage solution for mixed-use and read-intensive application workloads. They support end-user access to data-streams and to large data sets that have been written to disk with each Optimus Eco SSD providing 400GB to 1.6TB of capacity for mixed-use workloads such as on-line transaction processing (OLTP) databases, financial transactions, email/messaging, and virtual desk. The Optimus Eco at the 2TB capacity is ideal for read-intensive application workloads, such as indexing, media-streaming, and video on demand (VOD).",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443692/1311443692_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443692/1311443692_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-eco-2-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311443692.p?id=mp1311443692&skuId=1311443692",
      "sku": 1311443692,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus Extreme 200 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLKOD9W-200G-5CA1",
      "regularPrice": 790.77,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 500 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 95000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 40000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "The Ideal SSD Solution for Demanding Data-Intensive Workloads   Optimus Extreme&#8482; SAS SSDs are designed for demanding write-intensive application workloads that need the highest levels of performance and reliability. Examples include financial applications and databases associated with workloads that are time-sensitive and produce results that are critical to the businesses they support.   Write-intensive workloads include database logging, data warehousing, high-performance computing (HPC)-especially when the HPC workload supports business decisions such as oil and gas applications-and financial on-line transaction processing (OLTP) applications.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010273/1314010273_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314010/1314010273/1314010273_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-extreme-200-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1314010273.p?id=mp1314010273&skuId=1314010273",
      "sku": 1314010273,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Optimus MAX 4 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDLLOCDR-038T-5CA1",
      "regularPrice": 3078.25,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 400 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 400 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "4TB of Capacity for Scalability and Faster Business Time-to-ResultsThe Optimus MAX 4TB SSD is the industry's first SAS SSD to deliver high-density data storage and efficient data throughput for enterprise, cloud and virtualized data centers, surpassing all maximum capacity SAS SSDs and SAS HDDs on the market today. This 4TB SSD provides SAS performance at the cost of SATA SSD-like prices and enables organization to transition to a leaner infrastructure model. The Optimus MAX SSD is designed for read-intensive applications such as data warehousing, media streaming, web servers, video on demand (VOD), and web-based applications, with a typical workload comprised of a 90/10 read/write mix.The Optimus MAX SSD utilizes the latest 19nm eMLC NAND flash technology combined with the innovative Guardian Technology&#8482; Platform to deliver high performance, superior reliability and enhanced endurance for maximum application scalability and total cost of ownership (TCO) savings.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312862/1312862201/1312862201_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312862/1312862201/1312862201_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-optimus-max-4-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312862201.p?id=mp1312862201&skuId=1312862201",
      "sku": 1312862201,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Solid State Drive Conversion Kit",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDCK-AAA-G27",
      "regularPrice": 31.99,
      "shortDescription": "Compatible with most desktops and laptops; data-migration software; USB-to-Serial ATA and 1' Serial ATA data cables; installation hardware",
      "longDescription": "Easily replace your computer's hard drive with a solid state drive (not included) with this SanDisk conversion kit, which includes hardware, cables, a step-by-step guide and data-migration software to simplify the installation process.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/7312/7312058_500x500_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/7312/7312058_54x54_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-solid-state-drive-conversion-kit/7312058.p?id=1218840119066&skuId=7312058",
      "sku": 7312058,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.6"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Solid State Drive Conversion Kit",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDCK-AAA-G27",
      "regularPrice": 27.55,
      "shortDescription": "Compatible with most desktops and laptops; data-migration software; USB-to-Serial ATA and 1' Serial ATA data cables; installation hardware",
      "longDescription": "Easily replace your computer's hard drive with a solid state drive (not included) with this SanDisk conversion kit, which includes hardware, cables, a step-by-step guide and data-migration software to simplify the installation process.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310896/1310896123/1310896123_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310896/1310896123/1310896123_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-solid-state-drive-conversion-kit/1310896123.p?id=mp1310896123&skuId=1310896123",
      "sku": 1310896123,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.6"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - SSD Plus 120GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDA-120G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 79.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA Revision 3.0 interface; shock resistant; sequential read speeds up to 520MB/sec.; sequential write speeds up to 180MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Get more speed for your computer with this SanDisk SSD Plus solid state drive, which features a secure SATA Revision 3.0 interface and sequential read speeds up to 520MB/sec. The shock-resistant construction protects the hard drive from damage.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3076/3076048_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3076/3076048_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ssd-plus-120gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-black/3076048.p?id=1219570105299&skuId=3076048&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 3076048,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - SSD Plus 240GB Internal Serial ATA Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDA-240G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA Revision 3.0 interface; shock resistant; sequential read speeds up to 520MB/sec.; sequential write speeds up to 350MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Expand your PC or laptop's storage capacity with this SanDisk SSD Plus SDSSDA-240G-G25 solid state drive, which offers 240GB of space and sequential read speeds up to 520MB/sec. The shock-resistant design ensures lasting use.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3075/3075012_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/3075/3075012_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ssd-plus-240gb-internal-serial-ata-solid-state-drive-black/3075012.p?id=1219570102967&skuId=3075012&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 3075012,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Ultra II 128 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDMSATA-128G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 117.77,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "Fast read speeds for less waiting, more doing Enjoy faster boot-up, faster application response, faster data transfer and better gameplay with sequential read speeds of 550MB/s.**Boost capacity by up to 512GBAvailable in 128GB, 256GB, and 512GB** capacities, SanDisk Ultra II mSATA SSD gives you room for your big media files and applications-photos, videos, music, games and more. SSD resilience, longevity, and quietWith no moving parts, your SanDisk mSATA SSD keeps your data safe even if you drop your notebook or tablet, while also running cooler and quieter than a typical notebook or tablet. It's resistant to vibration and temperature fluctuations**. Plus, long battery life means a longer leash and higher productivity for your notebook or tablet, on the go. SanDisk SSD Dashboard monitors drive statusUsers with Windows&#174; - based devices can check their drive's status in real-time and be alerted to software updates.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354040/1313354040_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354040/1313354040_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ultra-ii-128-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354040.p?id=mp1313354040&skuId=1313354040",
      "sku": 1313354040,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - Ultra II 240 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SDSSDHII-240G-G25",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Everything You Do On Your Computer-Faster  Boost your PC's performance up to 28x with an easy and affordable upgrade to SanDisk Ultra&#174; II SSD. You'll enjoy no-wait boot up and shorter application load and data transfer times than your traditional hard drive ever delivered-plus longer battery life and much cooler, quieter computing, too. No matter how you use your PC, SanDisk's nCache&#8482; 2.0 technology makes for a better experience, delivering consistent high speed and endurance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858471/1312858471_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858471/1312858471_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-ultra-ii-240-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858471.p?id=mp1312858471&skuId=1312858471",
      "sku": 1312858471,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X110 Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "X110",
      "regularPrice": 108.98,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - Bulk",
      "longDescription": "In sacrificing performance for capacity, traditional hard disk drives (HDDs) have not kept pace with evolving market needs. Customers do not want to choose between fast performance and portability, seamless experiences and long battery life, or capacity and reliability. They want it all. With SanDisk X110 SSDs, OEMs can deliver what buyers want: blazing-fast performance in thin and light form factors with advanced power management. These multi-level cell (MLC) NAND flash drives are suited for both primary storage solutions and dual-drive caching designs. Utilizing 19nm process technology, SanDisk X110 SSDs offer solid-state performance at a cost within reach of a wider market segment.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306300/1306300146/1306300146_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306300/1306300146/1306300146_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x110-solid-state-drive/1306300146.p?id=mp1306300146&skuId=1306300146",
      "sku": 1306300146,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 1 TB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SB7S-010T-1122",
      "regularPrice": 434.38,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858662/1312858662_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858662/1312858662_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-1-tb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858662.p?id=mp1312858662&skuId=1312858662",
      "sku": 1312858662,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SN6S-128G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 106.41,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 415 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858624/1312858624_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858624/1312858624_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858624.p?id=mp1312858624&skuId=1312858624",
      "sku": 1312858624,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 128 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SB6S-128G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 68.69,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 415 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858655/1312858655_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858655/1312858655_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-128-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858655.p?id=mp1312858655&skuId=1312858655",
      "sku": 1312858655,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 128 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SF6S-128G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 60.37,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 415 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858693/1312858693_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858693/1312858693_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-128-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858693.p?id=mp1312858693&skuId=1312858693",
      "sku": 1312858693,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SN6S-256G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 112.02,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858631/1312858631_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858631/1312858631_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858631.p?id=mp1312858631&skuId=1312858631",
      "sku": 1312858631,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SB6S-256G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 112.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112718/1313112718_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313112/1313112718/1313112718_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313112718.p?id=mp1313112718&skuId=1313112718",
      "sku": 1313112718,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SF6S-256G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 100.73,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858709/1312858709_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858709/1312858709_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858709.p?id=mp1312858709&skuId=1312858709",
      "sku": 1312858709,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    }
  ]
})
ON_CALLBACK({
  "from": 201,
  "to": 273,
  "total": 273,
  "currentPage": 3,
  "totalPages": 3,
  "queryTime": "0.167",
  "totalTime": "0.309",
  "partial": false,
  "canonicalUrl": "/v1/products((marketplace=*)&categoryPath.id=pcmcat201300050005)?show=name,modelNumber,regularPrice,shortDescription,longDescription,image,thumbnailImage,url,sku,customerReviewAverage&page=3&format=json&callback=JSON_CALLBACK&apiKey=da2muhz5qcjjeebx6fytxhqy",
  "products": [
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "X300",
      "regularPrice": 238.44,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 530 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Bulk",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER  Based on state of the art 1Ynm X3 flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.  The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB.  nCache 2.0 Technology nCache 2.0 uses a combination of SLC and X3/TLC flash blocks to improve endurance, increase efficiency, and boost performance. By first writing all of the data to SLC blocks, the write amplification on the X3 blocks is minimized.  DataGuard Client The X300 SSD also includes a new and robust on-the-fly error handling mechanism called DataGuard Client. It uses page-level striping with distributed parity for an added layer of data protection and can recover errors that other traditional error correction mechanisms cannot.  Low Power The X300 utilizes a SATA DEVSLP low-power mode to minimize its power consumption during idle periods. DEVSLP enables the SSD to completely shut off its SATA PHY, thus resulting in much lower power consumption compared to SATA Slumber. This increases the amount of usable hours per battery charge, which is essential for modern mobile devices.  TCO SanDisk SSDs can improve total cost of ownership (TCO) by reducing downtime due to hard drive failures. They also offer lower latency and greater read/write speeds over traditional HDDs. IT departments can extend the useful life of their PC inventory by upgrading the HDDs to the X300 SSD, thus prolonging replacement cycles and maximizing asset value.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354033/1313354033_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313354/1313354033/1313354033_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313354033.p?id=mp1313354033&skuId=1313354033",
      "sku": 1313354033,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SN6S-512G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 186.75,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - M.2 2280",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858648/1312858648_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858648/1312858648_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858648.p?id=mp1312858648&skuId=1312858648",
      "sku": 1312858648,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SD7SF6S-512G-1122",
      "regularPrice": 160.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "RELIABLE AND RESPONSIVE PERFORMANCE WITH LOW POWER   Based on state of the art 1Ynm TLC flash technology, the SanDisk X300 SSD  delivers performance with high reliability and low power. It features nCache&#8482; 2.0, SanDisk's next generation tiered caching technology, designed to improve SSD responsiveness for most corporate and consumer workloads.   The X300 is highly versatile and can accommodate a wide range of computing platforms. It is available in 2.5\" 7mm cased, M.2 2280, and mSATA form factors with capacities of 128GB, 256GB, 512GB, and 1TB*.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858716/1312858716_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312858/1312858716/1312858716_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312858716.p?id=mp1312858716&skuId=1312858716",
      "sku": 1312858716,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300s Solid State Drive SSD",
      "modelNumber": "X300s",
      "regularPrice": 149.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 96000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Security The X300s supports the TCG Opal 2.0 and Microsoft Encrypted Hard Drive industry security standards and is supported by a broad ISV ecosystem. Security Management Software SanDisk's broad ecosystem of independent software vendors (ISVs) for security management delivers easier data protection management in today's multiplatform environments, as well as cloud-based manageability of SE-SSDs, making them a viable option for businesses with a wide range of IT requirements and budgets. This ecosystem also allows corporations to meet many of the regulatory standards for encryption of protected employee data such as those mandated by HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, PCI-DSS, and many state and local privacy laws. Corporations can easily deploy Data Loss Prevention methods to protect corporate IP, meet compliance laws, and reduce overall TCO.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443593/1311443593_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443593/1311443593_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300s-solid-state-drive-ssd/1311443593.p?id=mp1311443593&skuId=1311443593",
      "sku": 1311443593,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "SanDisk - X300s Solid State Drive SSD",
      "modelNumber": "X300s",
      "regularPrice": 93.74,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 460 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 96000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 80000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Security The X300s supports the TCG Opal 2.0 and Microsoft Encrypted Hard Drive industry security standards and is supported by a broad ISV ecosystem. Security Management Software SanDisk's broad ecosystem of independent software vendors (ISVs) for security management delivers easier data protection management in today's multiplatform environments, as well as cloud-based manageability of SE-SSDs, making them a viable option for businesses with a wide range of IT requirements and budgets. This ecosystem also allows corporations to meet many of the regulatory standards for encryption of protected employee data such as those mandated by HIPAA, Sarbanes-Oxley, PCI-DSS, and many state and local privacy laws. Corporations can easily deploy Data Loss Prevention methods to protect corporate IP, meet compliance laws, and reduce overall TCO.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443586/1311443586_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311443/1311443586/1311443586_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sandisk-x300s-solid-state-drive-ssd/1311443586.p?id=mp1311443586&skuId=1311443586",
      "sku": 1311443586,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - 1200 200 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ST200FM0073",
      "regularPrice": 785.06,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 110000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 25000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-Fast, Consistent Performance Plus 12Gb/s SAS Helps remove storage bottlenecks and close the gap between processor and data access performanceDelivers the speed and performance consistency needed for demanding enterprise applicationsDesigned to reduce data access wait times under the  most complex, write-intensive workloadsFirst SSD to ship in volume with 12Gb/s SAS while ensuring  the highest level of reliability and scalabilityEnsures data availability for critical production systems by  using redundant, failover I/O communication pathsHelps improve ROI by leveraging existing SAS infrastructuresCustom-designed controller leverages Seagate enterprise  expertise and manufacturing excellenceHelps safeguard data against unexpected power loss and  protects data from undetected, unintentional corruptionHelps ensure data integrity with multiple layers  of I/O error detection and correctionStrong data security with Self-Encrypting Drive (SED)  and FIPS SED models1,2Best-Fit Applications Demanding, enterprise applications with complex, write-intensive and mixed workloadsIOPS-hungry enterprise applications, such as high-performance computing, online transaction processing and heavy data analyticsEnterprise applications that demand high data availability  and integrity as well as interface failover redundancyExternal enterprise storage solutions (SAN, NAS, DAS) and servers",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709348/1310709348_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709348/1310709348_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-1200-200-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310709348.p?id=mp1310709348&skuId=1310709348",
      "sku": 1310709348,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - 1200 400 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ST400FM0073",
      "regularPrice": 1621.71,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 110000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 40000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-Fast, Consistent Performance Plus 12Gb/s SAS Helps remove storage bottlenecks and close the gap between processor and data access performance Delivers the speed and performance consistency needed for demanding enterprise applications Designed to reduce data access wait times under the  most complex, write-intensive workloads First SSD to ship in volume with 12Gb/s SAS while ensuring  the highest level of reliability and scalability Ensures data availability for critical production systems by  using redundant, failover I/O communication paths  Helps improve ROI by leveraging existing SAS infrastructures Custom-designed controller leverages Seagate enterprise  expertise and manufacturing excellence Helps safeguard data against unexpected power loss and  protects data from undetected, unintentional corruption Helps ensure data integrity with multiple layers  of I/O error detection and correction Strong data security with Self-Encrypting Drive (SED)  and FIPS SED models1,2 Best-Fit ApplicationsDemanding, enterprise applications with complex,  write-intensive and mixed workloads IOPS-hungry enterprise applications, such as high-performance computing, online transaction processing and heavy data analytics Enterprise applications that demand high data availability  and integrity as well as interface failover redundancy External enterprise storage solutions (SAN, NAS, DAS) and servers",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310288/1310288997/1310288997_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310288/1310288997/1310288997_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-1200-400-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310288997.p?id=mp1310288997&skuId=1310288997",
      "sku": 1310288997,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - 1200 400 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ST400FM0053",
      "regularPrice": 1344.19,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 750 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 110000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 40000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-Fast, Consistent Performance Plus 12Gb/s SAS Helps remove storage bottlenecks and close the gap between processor and data access performanceDelivers the speed and performance consistency needed for demanding enterprise applicationsDesigned to reduce data access wait times under the most complex, write-intensive workloadsFirst SSD to ship in volume with 12Gb/s SAS while ensuring the highest level of reliability and scalabilityEnsures data availability for critical production systems by using redundant, failover I/O communication pathsCustom-designed controller leverages Seagate enterprise expertise and manufacturing excellenceHelps safeguard data against unexpected power loss and protects data from undetected, unintentional corruptionHelps ensure data integrity with multiple layers of I/O error detection and correctionStrong data security with Self-Encrypting Drive (SED) and FIPS SED modelsBest-Fit Applications Demanding, enterprise applications with complex, write-intensive and mixed workloadsIOPS-hungry enterprise applications, such as high-performance computing, online transaction processing and heavy data analyticsEnterprise applications that demand high data availability and integrity as well as interface failover redundancyExternal enterprise storage solutions (SAN, NAS, DAS) and servers",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312837/1312837278/1312837278_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312837/1312837278/1312837278_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-1200-400-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1312837278.p?id=mp1312837278&skuId=1312837278",
      "sku": 1312837278,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - 1200 800 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ST800FM0053",
      "regularPrice": 2851.72,
      "shortDescription": "SAS - 110000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 40000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Ultra-Fast, Consistent Performance Plus 12Gb/s SAS Helps remove storage bottlenecks and close the gap between processor and data access performanceDelivers the speed and performance consistency needed for demanding enterprise applicationsDesigned to reduce data access wait times under the  most complex, write-intensive workloadsFirst SSD to ship in volume with 12Gb/s SAS while ensuring  the highest level of reliability and scalabilityEnsures data availability for critical production systems by  using redundant, failover I/O communication pathsHelps improve ROI by leveraging existing SAS infrastructuresCustom-designed controller leverages Seagate enterprise  expertise and manufacturing excellenceHelps safeguard data against unexpected power loss and  protects data from undetected, unintentional corruptionHelps ensure data integrity with multiple layers  of I/O error detection and correctionStrong data security with Self-Encrypting Drive (SED)  and FIPS SED models1,2Best-Fit Applications Demanding, enterprise applications with complex, write-intensive and mixed workloadsIOPS-hungry enterprise applications, such as high-performance computing, online transaction processing and heavy data analyticsEnterprise applications that demand high data availability  and integrity as well as interface failover redundancyExternal enterprise storage solutions (SAN, NAS, DAS) and servers",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709355/1310709355_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310709/1310709355/1310709355_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-1200-800-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1310709355.p?id=mp1310709355&skuId=1310709355",
      "sku": 1310709355,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - 1200 800 GB Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "ST800FM0063",
      "regularPrice": 3043.12,
      "shortDescription": "SAS",
      "longDescription": "Founded in 1979, Seagate is the leading provider of hard drives and storage solutions.From the videos, music and documents that we share with friends and family on social networks, to servers that form the backbone of enterprise data centres and cloud-based computing, to desktop and notebook computers that fuel our personal productivity, Seagate products help more people to store, share and protect their valuable digital content.Seagate offers the industry's broadest portfolio of hard disc drives, solid state drives and solid state hybrid drives. In addition, the Company offers an extensive line of retail storage products for consumers and small businesses, along with data recovery services for any brand of hard drive and digital media type.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311699/1311699433/1311699433_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311699/1311699433/1311699433_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-1200-800-gb-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311699433.p?id=mp1311699433&skuId=1311699433",
      "sku": 1311699433,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - Hard Drive",
      "modelNumber": "ST6000NM0024",
      "regularPrice": 472.44,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 7200 rpm - 128 MB Buffer - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Founded in 1979, Seagate is the leading provider of hard drives and storage solutions.From the videos, music and documents that we share with friends and family on social networks, to servers that form the backbone of enterprise data centres and cloud-based computing, to desktop and notebook computers that fuel our personal productivity, Seagate products help more people to store, share and protect their valuable digital content.Seagate offers the industry's broadest portfolio of hard disc drives, solid state drives and solid state hybrid drives. In addition, the Company offers an extensive line of retail storage products for consumers and small businesses, along with data recovery services for any brand of hard drive and digital media type.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444187/1311444187_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444187/1311444187_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-hard-drive/1311444187.p?id=mp1311444187&skuId=1311444187",
      "sku": 1311444187,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Seagate - Surveillance HDD 3TB Hard Drive",
      "modelNumber": "ST3000VX002",
      "regularPrice": 113.10,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 5900 rpm - 64 MB Buffer",
      "longDescription": "Helps Improve Costs and Data Integrity The industry's first surveillance-optimized hard drive platform with 1, 2, 3 and 4TB capacity options improves video streaming and data integrity in surveillance applications. Seventh-generation Seagate&#174; surveillance drive is tuned for high write-cycle workloads typical in video surveillance storage systems. 4TB of storage capacity supports higher-resolution cameras and up to 16 drives per system, with up to 32 cameras per drive.  Reliably performs in multi-drive systems with RAID support from RV sensors 24&#191;7 operational capabilities while maintaining high AFR of  2A current-limited startup to support the use of embedded system power supplies Never miss a frame with quick time-to-ready. Idle3 spin control features enable power-on in standby mode or drive spin-down to conserve power and improve reliability during archival periods.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444200/1311444200_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444200/1311444200_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/seagate-surveillance-hdd-3tb-hard-drive/1311444200.p?id=mp1311444200&skuId=1311444200",
      "sku": 1311444200,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Sony - HXRFMU128 Flash Memory Unit",
      "modelNumber": "HXRFMU128",
      "regularPrice": 478.09,
      "shortDescription": "USB 2.0",
      "longDescription": "An external Flash Memory Recording Unit with a 128GB capacity, capable of recording AVCHD and MPEG2 SD formats, designed exclusively for NXCAM. Simple, direct attachment to the camcorder and a simple data transfer to computer via USB 2.0 is available.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305654/1305654530/1305654530_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305654/1305654530/1305654530_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/sony-hxrfmu128-flash-memory-unit/1305654530.p?id=mp1305654530&skuId=1305654530",
      "sku": 1305654530,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Canvio AeroMobile 128GB External Wireless LAN and USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Light Gold",
      "modelNumber": "HDTQ112XCWF1",
      "regularPrice": 100.97,
      "shortDescription": "802.11b/g/n wireless LAN and USB 3.0 interface; built-in Secure Digital card slot; up to 150 Mbps wireless LAN and up to 5 Gbps USB 3.0 data transfer rates",
      "longDescription": "This Toshiba Canvio AeroMobile HDTQ112XCWF1 128GB solid state drive features built-in wireless networking to transfer and stream content to your computers and mobile devices. The compact design helps ensure simple portability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312350/1312350494/1312350494_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312350/1312350494/1312350494_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-canvio-aeromobile-128gb-external-wireless-lan-and-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-light-gold/1312350494.p?id=mp1312350494&skuId=1312350494",
      "sku": 1312350494,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Q Series Pro 128GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "HDTS312XZSTA",
      "regularPrice": 69.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; vibration- and shock-resistant construction; slim form factor; up to 6 Gbps transfer rates",
      "longDescription": "Safeguard your important information with this Toshiba Q Series Pro HDTS312XZSTA solid state drive that features vibration- and shock-resistant construction to protect your data. Transfer rates up to 6 Gbps ensure quick access to your files.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1783/1783025_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/1783/1783025_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-q-series-pro-128gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1783025.p?id=1219063715521&skuId=1783025&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1783025,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Q Series Pro 256GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "HDTS325XZSTA",
      "regularPrice": 109.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA III interface; vibration- and shock-resistant construction; slim form factor; up to 6 Gbps transfer rates",
      "longDescription": "Expand your laptop storage capacity with this Toshiba Q Series Pro HDTS325XZSTA solid state drive that features up to 6 Gbps transfer rates for fast access to applications and data. Vibration- and shock-resistant construction helps keep your files safe.",
      "image": null,
      "thumbnailImage": null,
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-q-series-pro-256gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1783034.p?id=1219063718046&skuId=1783034&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 1783034,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.7"
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Q300 120GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "HDTS712XZSTA",
      "regularPrice": 69.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; Adaptive Size SLC Write Cache technology; NCQ (Native Command Queuing); NAND flash technology; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "Save up to 120GB of data on this Toshiba Q300 HDTS712XZSTA internal solid state drive, which features Adaptive Size SLC Write Cache technology and NCQ (Native Command Queuing) for efficient performance and high-speed processing.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574813_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574813_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-q300-120gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-gray/4574813.p?id=1219770996047&skuId=4574813&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4574813,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Q300 240GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "HDTS724XZSTA",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; Adaptive Size SLC Write Cache technology; NCQ (Native Command Queuing); NAND flash technology; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "This Toshiba Q300 HDTS724XZSTA internal solid state drive features NCQ (Native Command Queuing) and transfer rates up to 6 Gbps for optimized read/write performance. The Serial ATA III interface offers simple installation and a reliable connection.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574815_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574815_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-q300-240gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-gray/4574815.p?id=1219770996750&skuId=4574815&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4574815,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Toshiba - Q300 Pro 256GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "HDTS425XZSTA",
      "regularPrice": 139.99,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; Adaptive Size SLC Write Cache technology; NCQ (Native Command Queuing); QSBC ECC error-correction; data transfer rates up to 6 Gbps",
      "longDescription": "This Toshiba Q300 Pro HDTS425XZSTA internal solid state drive features a 256GB storage capacity, so you can save plenty of games, movies and other files. Adaptive Size SLC Write Cache technology and NCQ (Native Command Queuing) enable optimized performance.",
      "image": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574812_sa.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://images.bestbuy.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/4574/4574812_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/toshiba-q300-pro-256gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-gray/4574812.p?id=1219770994536&skuId=4574812&cmp=RMX&ky=2n9SqvRrY2ATiQaZMDNTCXYSUf5Oy7nzr",
      "sku": 4574812,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 128GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS128GSSD370",
      "regularPrice": 93.55,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND 128GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; DevSleep mode; built-in wear-leveling; ECC (Error Correction Code); SSD Scope software; supports TRIM, NCQ and S.M.A.R.T. functions; ultraslim design",
      "longDescription": "This Transcend TS128GSSD370 128GB solid state drive features a DevSleep mode that enables an ultralow power state to help conserve battery power. The downloadable SSD Scope software offers a System Clone utility to facilitate installation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311420/1311420365/1311420365_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311420/1311420365/1311420365_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-128gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1311420365.p?id=mp1311420365&skuId=1311420365",
      "sku": 1311420365,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 128GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS128GSSD340-90463-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 58.95,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 128GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 128GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive features the latest SATA III 6Gb/s interface and a powerful controller. It is the ideal high-speed, lightweight and shockproof replacement for traditional rotating hard drives. Boasting an industry-standard 2.5\" form factor and super slim thickness of just 6.8mm, Transcend SSDs provide superior performance and reliability.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107324/1314107324_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107324/1314107324_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-128gb-ssd340-2-5-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314107324.p?id=mp1314107324&skuId=1314107324",
      "sku": 1314107324,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 128GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS128GESD400K-83218-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 79.99,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 128GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 128GB ESD400 USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive is equipped with a next-generation SuperSpeed USB 3.0 connection interface that supports USB Attached SCSI Protocol (UASP) and a high storage capacity. Thanks to its lightweight, compact design and solid state durability, the ESD400 makes it easy to store, protect, carry and share all your digital files wherever you go.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106617/1314106617_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106617/1314106617_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-128gb-usb-3-0-esd400-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314106617.p?id=mp1314106617&skuId=1314106617",
      "sku": 1314106617,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 16 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS16GSSD500",
      "regularPrice": 238.64,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 140 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 110 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's SATA Solid State Drives are high speed, ultra-lightweight and shock-proof alternatives to traditional hard disk drives. With built-in wear leveling, ECC and TRIM support, these drives offer long-term reliable performance and excellent compatibility with both notebook and desktop systems.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305383/1305383386/1305383386_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305383/1305383386/1305383386_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-16-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1305383386.p?id=mp1305383386&skuId=1305383386",
      "sku": 1305383386,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 1TB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS1TSSD370",
      "regularPrice": 383.08,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND 1TB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; DevSleep mode; built-in wear-leveling; ECC (Error Correction Code); SSD Scope software; supports TRIM, NCQ and S.M.A.R.T. functions; ultraslim design",
      "longDescription": "Store plenty of documents, movies and music on this Transcend TS1TSSD370 solid state drive that features a 1TB capacity for a generous amount of space. The TRIM function helps sustain optimized read and write speeds.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358483/1312358483_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358483/1312358483_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-1tb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1312358483.p?id=mp1312358483&skuId=1312358483",
      "sku": 1312358483,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 2.5\" PATA SSD (Standard)",
      "modelNumber": "PSD330",
      "regularPrice": 148.19,
      "shortDescription": "IDE - 119 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 67 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's 2.5\" PATA Solid State Drive is designed as a direct drop-in replacement for traditional IDE hard disk drives to significantly enhance system performance. In addition to ultra-fast data access, the PATA SSD features a tough outer metal case, extra-large storage capacity, extremely high reliability, low power consumption, and the superior shock-proof benefits of solid-state technology.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292234/1308292234_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292234/1308292234_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-2-5-pata-ssd-standard/1308292234.p?id=mp1308292234&skuId=1308292234",
      "sku": 1308292234,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 2.5\" SATA II 3Gb/s (Standard)",
      "modelNumber": "SSD630",
      "regularPrice": 118.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 265 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 225 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "SSD630 BenefitsTranscend's SSD630 is a SATA II 3Gb/s SSD device built with high performance, quality Flash Memory assembled on a printed circuit board. It features cutting-edge technology to enhance product life and data retention. Designed with multitasking power users in mind, the SSD630 is capable of running many demanding system applications, including specialized multimedia computing and advanced gaming. As a result, SSD630 is the perfect storage device for industrial PCs, Laptops, gaming systems, and handheld devices.Enhanced PerformanceSSD630 is able to offer incredible transfer speeds of up to 260MB/s read and 225MB/s write. This fast speed translates into significantly faster system boot up, application launch speed, data transfers, and overall system responsiveness. Moreover, support for Native Command Queuing (NCQ), increases the performance and efficiency of the SSD630 by optimizing the order in which received read and write commands are executed.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308402/1308402893/1308402893_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308402/1308402893/1308402893_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-2-5-sata-ii-3gb-s-standard/1308402893.p?id=mp1308402893&skuId=1308402893",
      "sku": 1308402893,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 256GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GSSD370",
      "regularPrice": 100.18,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND 256GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; DevSleep mode; built-in wear-leveling; ECC (Error Correction Code); SSD Scope software; supports TRIM, NCQ and S.M.A.R.T. functions; ultraslim design",
      "longDescription": "This sleek Transcend TS256GSSD370 solid state drive features a Serial ATA III interface for wide-ranging compatibility and fast transfer speeds of up to 6 Gbps. The DevSleep creates an ultralow power state for enhanced battery conservation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311420/1311420372/1311420372_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311420/1311420372/1311420372_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-256gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1311420372.p?id=mp1311420372&skuId=1311420372",
      "sku": 1311420372,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 256GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GSSD340-90464-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 97.95,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 256GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 256GB SSD340 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive features the latest SATA III 6Gb/s interface and a powerful controller. It is the ideal high-speed, lightweight and shockproof replacement for traditional rotating hard drives. Boasting an industry-standard 2.5\" form factor and super slim thickness of just 6.8mm, Transcend SSDs provide superior performance and reliability.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107331/1314107331_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107331/1314107331_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-256gb-ssd340-2-5-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314107331.p?id=mp1314107331&skuId=1314107331",
      "sku": 1314107331,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 256GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GSSD370S-90465-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 99.99,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 256GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 256GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive features the latest SATA III 6Gb/s interface and a powerful controller. It is the ideal high-speed, lightweight and shockproof replacement for traditional rotating hard drives. Boasting an industry-standard 2.5\" form factor and super slim thickness of just 6.8mm, Transcend SSDs provide superior performance and reliability.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107348/1314107348_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107348/1314107348_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-256gb-ssd370s-2-5-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314107348.p?id=mp1314107348&skuId=1314107348",
      "sku": 1314107348,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 256GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GESD400K-83219-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 129.99,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 256GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 256GB ESD400 USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive is equipped with a next-generation SuperSpeed USB 3.0 connection interface that supports USB Attached SCSI Protocol (UASP) and a high storage capacity. Thanks to its lightweight, compact design and solid state durability, the ESD400 makes it easy to store, protect, carry and share all your digital files wherever you go.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106624/1314106624_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106624/1314106624_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-256gb-usb-3-0-esd400-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314106624.p?id=mp1314106624&skuId=1314106624",
      "sku": 1314106624,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 32 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "PSD330",
      "regularPrice": 85.40,
      "shortDescription": "IDE - 119 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 67 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's 2.5\" PATA Solid State Drive is designed as a direct drop-in replacement for traditional IDE hard disk drives to significantly enhance system performance. In addition to ultra-fast data access, the PATA SSD features a tough outer metal case, extra-large storage capacity, extremely high reliability, low power consumption, and the superior shock-proof benefits of solid-state technology.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308402/1308402909/1308402909_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308402/1308402909/1308402909_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-32-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1308402909.p?id=mp1308402909&skuId=1308402909",
      "sku": 1308402909,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 512 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "SSD720",
      "regularPrice": 505.39,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 500 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's SSD720 is a next generation SATA III 6Gb/s solid state drive (SSD) that doubles the maximum data transfer rate of the previous Serial ATA II 3Gb/s interface. Designed with multitasking power users in mind, the productivity-enhancing SSD720 will revolutionize system boot up time, application launch speed, and overall system responsiveness.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311093/1311093347/1311093347_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311093/1311093347/1311093347_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-512-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1311093347.p?id=mp1311093347&skuId=1311093347",
      "sku": 1311093347,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 512GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GSSD370",
      "regularPrice": 188.59,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND 512GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; DevSleep mode; built-in wear-leveling; ECC (Error Correction Code); SSD Scope software; supports TRIM, NCQ and S.M.A.R.T. functions; ultraslim design",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy extra storage and rapid data transfer rates with this Transcend TS512GSSD370 512GB solid state drive, which features a Serial ATA III interface and ultraslim design for simple installation in your laptop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358490/1312358490_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358490/1312358490_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-512gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1312358490.p?id=mp1312358490&skuId=1312358490",
      "sku": 1312358490,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 512GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GSSD370S-90466-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 189.99,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 512GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 512GB SSD370S 2.5\" Portable Solid State Hard Drive features the latest SATA III 6Gb/s interface and a powerful controller. It is the ideal high-speed, lightweight and shockproof replacement for traditional rotating hard drives. Boasting an industry-standard 2.5\" form factor and super slim thickness of just 6.8mm, Transcend SSDs provide superior performance and reliability.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107355/1314107355_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314107/1314107355/1314107355_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-512gb-ssd370s-2-5-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314107355.p?id=mp1314107355&skuId=1314107355",
      "sku": 1314107355,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 512GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive with Case + Cleaning Cloth",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GESD400K-83958-Kit",
      "regularPrice": 209.99,
      "shortDescription": "Save when you buy this bundle. Package includes 512GB USB 3.0 ESD400 Portable Solid State Hard Drive, Digital Organizer Case (Black) and Microfiber Cleaning Cloth",
      "longDescription": "The Transcend 512GB ESD400 USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive is equipped with a next-generation SuperSpeed USB 3.0 connection interface that supports USB Attached SCSI Protocol (UASP) and a high storage capacity. Thanks to its lightweight, compact design and solid state durability, the ESD400 makes it easy to store, protect, carry and share all your digital files wherever you go.The Hakuba Aussie 10 Digital Organizer Case is designed to carry and protect a compact digital camera or camcorder with a few accessories. The case is made of Twill Nylon with light-duty interior padding. It has a large front zippered compartment, and a large back zippered compartment with interior accessory pocket. The front flap has an open pocket, as well as a small zippered pocket for small accessories such as batteries, memory cards, etc. and is secured with velcro. It opens up to yet another compartment with three small pockets and a keychain clip! You can carry this digital organizer with the removable, adjustable shoulder strap or the convenient belt loop.Keep your camera and lenses smudge-free with this handy microfiber cleaning cloth.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106792/1314106792_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1314/1314106/1314106792/1314106792_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-512gb-usb-3-0-esd400-portable-solid-state-hard-drive-with-case-cleaning-cloth/1314106792.p?id=mp1314106792&skuId=1314106792",
      "sku": 1314106792,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 64 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "PSD330",
      "regularPrice": 85.50,
      "shortDescription": "IDE - 119 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 67 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's 2.5\" PATA Solid State Drive is designed as a direct drop-in replacement for traditional IDE hard disk drives to significantly enhance system performance. In addition to ultra-fast data access, the PATA SSD features a tough outer metal case, extra-large storage capacity, extremely high reliability, low power consumption, and the superior shock-proof benefits of solid-state technology.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292241/1308292241_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292241/1308292241_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-64-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1308292241.p?id=mp1308292241&skuId=1308292241",
      "sku": 1308292241,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - 720 512GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GSSD720",
      "regularPrice": 485.83,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; up to 560 MB/sec. read speed; up to 540 MB/sec. write speed; internal AES encryption",
      "longDescription": "This Transcend 720 solid state drive's internal AES encryption helps safeguard up to 512GB of important data for enhanced storage integrity. Up to 560 MB/sec. read and up to 540 MB/sec. write speeds ensure ultrafast data transfer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306354/1306354798/1306354798_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306354/1306354798/1306354798_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-720-512gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/1306354798.p?id=mp1306354798&skuId=1306354798",
      "sku": 1306354798,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - ESD400 128GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS128GESD400K",
      "regularPrice": 71.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND ESD400 128GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: USB 3.0 interface; Transcend Elite software; One Touch auto backup button; pocket-size design; read speeds up to 410MB/sec. and write speeds up to 380MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "This Transcend ESD400 TS128GESD400K external solid state drive features a shock- and vibration-resistant design, plus lightweight, compact construction, so you can safely transport up to 128GB of stored data.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358438/1312358438_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358438/1312358438_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-esd400-128gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1312358438.p?id=mp1312358438&skuId=1312358438",
      "sku": 1312358438,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - ESD400 1TB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS1TESD400K",
      "regularPrice": 459.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND ESD400 1TB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: USB 3.0 interface; Transcend Elite software; One Touch auto backup button; pocket-size design; read speeds up to 410MB/sec. and write speeds up to 380MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "With a 1TB storage capacity and lightweight, pocket-size design, this Transcend ESD400 TS1TESD400K external solid state drive allows you to take important files with you on the go. The shock- and vibration-resistant design offers durability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358445/1312358445_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358445/1312358445_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-esd400-1tb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1312358445.p?id=mp1312358445&skuId=1312358445",
      "sku": 1312358445,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - ESD400 256GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GESD400K",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND ESD400 256GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: USB 3.0 interface; Transcend Elite software; One Touch auto backup button; pocket-size design; read speeds up to 410MB/sec. and write speeds up to 380MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Easily transport up to 256GB of files with this Transcend ESD400 TS256GESD400K external solid state drive, which features a lightweight, compact design for portable use. The drive withstands damage due to shock and vibration for durability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358421/1312358421_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358421/1312358421_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-esd400-256gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1312358421.p?id=mp1312358421&skuId=1312358421",
      "sku": 1312358421,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - ESD400 512GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GESD400K",
      "regularPrice": 199.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND ESD400 512GB External USB 3.0 Portable Solid State Drive: USB 3.0 interface; Transcend Elite software; One Touch auto backup button; pocket-size design; read speeds up to 410MB/sec. and write speeds up to 380MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Take up to 512GB of files on the go with this Transcend ESD400 TS512GESD400K external solid state drive, which features a lightweight, pocket-size design for simple portability. The drive withstands damage due to shock and vibration for durability.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444149/1311444149_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444149/1311444149_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-esd400-512gb-external-usb-3-0-portable-solid-state-drive-black/1311444149.p?id=mp1311444149&skuId=1311444149",
      "sku": 1311444149,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - IDE/EIDE Horizontal Flash Module",
      "modelNumber": "TS2GDOM44H-S",
      "regularPrice": 40.78,
      "shortDescription": "IDE",
      "longDescription": "Transcend IDE Flash Module is specially designed for use in the demanding industrial environments where industrial PCs, Set-Top Boxes and other computer systems must operate. This IDE Flash Module is a convenient and easy to use solution for expanding an industrial computer's memory capacity.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304562/1304562836/1304562836_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304562/1304562836/1304562836_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ide-eide-horizontal-flash-module/1304562836.p?id=mp1304562836&skuId=1304562836",
      "sku": 1304562836,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - JetDrive 500 240GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models - Black/Silver",
      "modelNumber": "TS240GJDM500",
      "regularPrice": 200.38,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND JetDrive 500 240GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models: Compatible with most late-2010 to mid-2011 11\" and 13\" Apple MacBook Air models; Serial ATA III interface; external enclosure with USB 3.0 interface",
      "longDescription": "Expand the storage of your compatible 11\" or 13\" Apple MacBook Air with this Transcend JetDrive 500 TS240GJDM500 solid state drive, which features a 240GB capacity to fit your favorite media. The Serial ATA III interface offers a simple connection.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925044/1311925044_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925044/1311925044_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-jetdrive-500-240gb-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-select-apple-macbook-air-models-black-silver/1311925044.p?id=mp1311925044&skuId=1311925044",
      "sku": 1311925044,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - JetDrive 500 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models - Black/Silver",
      "modelNumber": "TS480GJDM500",
      "regularPrice": 330.04,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND JetDrive 500 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models: Compatible with most late-2010 to mid-2011 11\" and 13\" Apple MacBook Air models; Serial ATA III interface; external enclosure with USB 3.0 interface",
      "longDescription": "Upgrade the storage capacity of your compatible 11\" or 13\" Apple MacBook Air with this Transcend JetDrive 500 TS480GJDM500 solid state drive, which features 480GB of storage for your favorite music, videos and photos.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925075/1311925075_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925075/1311925075_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-jetdrive-500-480gb-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-select-apple-macbook-air-models-black-silver/1311925075.p?id=mp1311925075&skuId=1311925075",
      "sku": 1311925075,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - JetDrive 520 240GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models - Black/Silver",
      "modelNumber": "TS240GJDM520",
      "regularPrice": 200.38,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND JetDrive 520 240GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models: Compatible with most mid-2012 11\" and 13\" Apple MacBook Air models; Serial ATA III interface; external enclosure case with USB 3.0 interface",
      "longDescription": "Upgrade your 11\" or 13\" Apple MacBook Air with this Transcend JetDrive 520 TS240GJDM520 solid state drive, which features a 240GB capacity for spacious storage. The Serial ATA III interface helps ensure rapid read and write speeds.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925020/1311925020_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925020/1311925020_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-jetdrive-520-240gb-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-select-apple-macbook-air-models-black-silver/1311925020.p?id=mp1311925020&skuId=1311925020",
      "sku": 1311925020,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - JetDrive 520 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models - Black/Silver",
      "modelNumber": "TS480GJDM520",
      "regularPrice": 330.04,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND JetDrive 520 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Air Models: Compatible with most mid-2012 11\" and 13\" Apple MacBook Air models; Serial ATA III interface; external enclosure case with USB 3.0 interface",
      "longDescription": "With a Serial ATA III interface, this Transcend JetDrive 520 TS480GJDM520 solid state drive delivers up to 570MB/sec. sequential read and 460MB/sec. sequential write speeds for rapid data transfer. The 480GB capacity offers ample storage.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925051/1311925051_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925051/1311925051_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-jetdrive-520-480gb-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-select-apple-macbook-air-models-black-silver/1311925051.p?id=mp1311925051&skuId=1311925051",
      "sku": 1311925051,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - JetDrive 720 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Pro Models - Black/Silver",
      "modelNumber": "TS480GJDM720",
      "regularPrice": 330.04,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND JetDrive 720 480GB Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Select Apple MacBook Pro Models: Compatible with most late-2012 to early-2013 13\" Apple MacBook Pro with Retina display models; Serial ATA III interface; external enclosure case",
      "longDescription": "This Transcend JetDrive 720 TS480GJDM720 480GB solid state drive includes an enclosure case to convert your computer's original solid state drive into a portable external storage device. The Serial ATA III interface ensures a simple, fast connection.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925068/1311925068_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311925/1311925068/1311925068_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-jetdrive-720-480gb-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-select-apple-macbook-pro-models-black-silver/1311925068.p?id=mp1311925068&skuId=1311925068",
      "sku": 1311925068,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - M.2 128GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - White",
      "modelNumber": "TS128GMTS400",
      "regularPrice": 69.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND M.2 128GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; M.2 form factor; supports DevSleep mode and Power Shield; Intel Smart Response technology",
      "longDescription": "Add speedy, reliable storage to your Ultrabook laptop or tablet with this Transcend M.2 TS128GMTS400 128GB solid state drive, which features a compact M.2 form factor, plus read speeds up to 560MB/sec. and write speeds up to 160MB/sec.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608168/1312608168_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608168/1312608168_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-m-2-128gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-white/1312608168.p?id=mp1312608168&skuId=1312608168",
      "sku": 1312608168,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - M.2 256GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GMTS400",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND M.2 256GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; M.2 form factor; supports DevSleep mode and Power Shield; Intel Smart Response technology.",
      "longDescription": "With a 256GB capacity and compact M.2 form factor, this Transcend M.2 TS256GMTS400 solid state drive makes it easy to add spacious, reliable storage to your Serial ATA III-equipped Ultrabook laptop or tablet.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312360/1312360615/1312360615_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312360/1312360615/1312360615_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-m-2-256gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-multi/1312360615.p?id=mp1312360615&skuId=1312360615",
      "sku": 1312360615,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - M.2 512GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GMTS600",
      "regularPrice": 227.49,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND M.2 512GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; M.2 form factor; supports DevSleep mode and Power Shield; Intel Smart Response technology",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy speedy computing with this Transcend M.2 TS512GMTS600 solid state drive, which features a Serial ATA III interface for read speeds up to 560MB/sec. and write speeds up to 310MB/sec. The 512GB capacity provides expansive storage space.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312365/1312365733/1312365733_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312365/1312365733/1312365733_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-m-2-512gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1312365733.p?id=mp1312365733&skuId=1312365733",
      "sku": 1312365733,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - M.2 64GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS64GMTS600",
      "regularPrice": 45.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND M.2 64GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III interface; M.2 form factor; supports DevSleep mode and Power Shield; Intel Smart Response technology",
      "longDescription": "Enjoy fast data transfer with this Transcend M.2 TS64GMTS600 solid state drive, which features a Serial ATA III interface for read speeds up to 560MB/sec. and write speeds up to 310MB/sec. The M.2 form factor accommodates devices with limited space.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608144/1312608144_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608144/1312608144_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-m-2-64gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1312608144.p?id=mp1312608144&skuId=1312608144",
      "sku": 1312608144,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - MTS800 M.2 256GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GMTS800",
      "regularPrice": 119.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND MTS800 M.2 256GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA III 6 Gbps interface; ISRT (Intel Smart Response Technology); supports S.M.A.R.T, TRIM and NCQ command; read speeds up to 570 MB/sec. and write speeds up to 450 MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "This 256GB Transcend MTS800 TS256GMTS800 internal SATA III solid state drive features ISRT (Intel&#174; Smart Response Technology) to boost the performance of your laptop or tablet. The M.2 form factor creates a compact, space-saving design.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358407/1312358407_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312358/1312358407/1312358407_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-mts800-m-2-256gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1312358407.p?id=mp1312358407&skuId=1312358407",
      "sku": 1312358407,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - MTS800 M.2 512GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS512GMTS800",
      "regularPrice": 220.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND MTS800 M.2 512GB Internal SATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: SATA III 6 Gbps interface; ISRT (Intel Smart Response Technology); supports S.M.A.R.T, TRIM and NCQ command; read speeds up to 570 MB/sec. and write speeds up to 450 MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "This 512GB Transcend MTS800 M.2 TS512GMTS800 internal SATA III solid state drive features an M.2 form factor that creates a compact, space-saving design. ISRT (Intel&#174; Smart Response Technology) enhances the performance of your laptop or tablet.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444163/1311444163_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311444/1311444163/1311444163_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-mts800-m-2-512gb-internal-sata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1311444163.p?id=mp1311444163&skuId=1311444163",
      "sku": 1311444163,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - MTS800 M.2 64GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS64GMTS800",
      "regularPrice": 49.99,
      "shortDescription": "TRANSCEND MTS800 M.2 64GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops: Serial ATA III 6 Gbps interface; Intel Smart Response Technology); supports S.M.A.R.T, TRIM and NCQ command",
      "longDescription": "With ISRT (Intel&#174; Smart Response Technology), this 64GB Transcend MTS800 TS64GMTS800 internal Serial ATA III solid state drive enhances the performance of your laptop or tablet. The M.2 form factor provides a space-saving design.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608151/1312608151_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312608/1312608151/1312608151_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-mts800-m-2-64gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops-black/1312608151.p?id=mp1312608151&skuId=1312608151",
      "sku": 1312608151,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - SATA III 6Gb/s SSD340 (Premium)",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GSSD340",
      "regularPrice": 89.95,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 290 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 69000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 68000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Imagine your notebook was faster, lighter, more reliable, and longer lasting. To overcome the limits of portable computing, Transcend's SSD340 SATA III SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, a compact and lightweight design, shock and vibration resistance, and DevSleep support. That means you can enjoy a seamless, lag-free computing experience even when using your notebook on an extended journey.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357266/1310357266_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357266/1310357266_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-sata-iii-6gb-s-ssd340-premium/1310357266.p?id=mp1310357266&skuId=1310357266",
      "sku": 1310357266,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - Serial ATA Flash Module (Vertical) - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS2GSDOM22V",
      "regularPrice": 55.63,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Transcend SATA Flash Module can be used in embedded computing or POS systems which can often be deployed into very harsh environments that are historically unfriendly to conventional hard drive. Its low-profile form factor also makes it ideal for use in thin clients, with the added benefits of low power consumption and silent operation. With high storage capacity and high-speed transfer rates, Transcend new SATA Flash Module offers solid-state industrial grade reliability while at the same time satisfying capacity and speed requirements.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304709/1304709606/1304709606_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304709/1304709606/1304709606_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-serial-ata-flash-module-vertical-multi/1304709606.p?id=mp1304709606&skuId=1304709606",
      "sku": 1304709606,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - SSD340 64 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "TS64GSSD340",
      "regularPrice": 41.98,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 520 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 290 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 69000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 68000IOPS Random 4KB Write",
      "longDescription": "Imagine your notebook was faster, lighter, more reliable, and longer lasting. To overcome the limits of portable computing, Transcend's SSD340 SATA III SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, a compact and lightweight design, shock and vibration resistance, and DevSleep support. That means you can enjoy a seamless, lag-free computing experience even when using your notebook on an extended journey.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357242/1310357242_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357242/1310357242_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ssd340-64-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive/1310357242.p?id=mp1310357242&skuId=1310357242",
      "sku": 1310357242,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - SSD370 256 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS256GSSD370S",
      "regularPrice": 89.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "2.5\" SSDs   SATA III 6Gb/s SSD370 (Premium)All the speed is back and even faster. Transcend's SSD370 SATA III 6G/s SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, large capacities of up to 1TB, a compact and lightweight design, shock and vibration resistance, and supports DevSleep mode. That means you can enjoy a seamless, lag-free computing experience even when using your notebook on an extended journey.More space. More to store.   Besides the blazing transfer speeds, the SSD370 ranges from 32GB to 1TB capacities that helps you save time to drag and delete files and process large multimedia files within seconds.  Save power. Fast response.The SSD370 maximizes notebook battery life when not in use thanks to the full support of SATA Device Sleep Mode (DevSleep). DevSleep ultra low power state conserves more battery power than current power saving features such as standby mode by shutting down the SATA interface completely. With a remarkable response time of less than 100 milliseconds, you can start working on your computer again almost instantly.Ultra-slim. Ultra-portable.The SSD370 features the industry-standard 2.5\" form factor. Yet, it measures just 7mm in height and only weighs a mere 52g, which is best suited with thin-and-light notebooks, mainstream PCs, and today's advanced Ultrabooks.  A new level of reliability.The SSD370 offers an aggressive garbage collection and recycling system. To further increase the lifespan of the SSD370, built-in wear-leveling and Error Correction Code (ECC) ensure continued reliable data transfer. SSD Scope also includes a convenient System Clone utility to help make upgrading your existing computer to the performance boost of an SSD370 quick and easy.Take control with SSD Scope.To keep your Transcend SSD running fast, clean, and error-free, the advanced SSD Scope software application is available to download and work with the SSD370. SSD Scope allows you to monitor SSD370 health status with S.M.A.R.T. technology, enable the TRIM command in the operating system to help maintain optimum write speeds, and conveniently update SSD firmware, all from a single user-friendly tool.A 3.5\" bracket included for PC upgrade.To provide the ultimate choice of PC upgrade, each SSD370 also includes a 3.5-inch bracket. Simply screw the SSD370 onto the 3.5-inch bracket and experience a new level of transfer speeds right away.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313355/1313355214/1313355214_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313355/1313355214/1313355214_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ssd370-256-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1313355214.p?id=mp1313355214&skuId=1313355214",
      "sku": 1313355214,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - SSD370 32 GB 2.5\" Internal Solid State Drive - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "TS32GSSD370",
      "regularPrice": 47.99,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 570 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 470 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 75000IOPS Random 4KB Write - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "All the speed is back and even faster. Transcend's SSD370 SATA III 6G/s SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, large capacities of up to 1TB, a compact and lightweight design, shock and vibration resistance, and supports DevSleep mode. That means you can enjoy a seamless, lag-free computing experience even when using your notebook on an extended journey.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311699/1311699204/1311699204_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1311/1311699/1311699204/1311699204_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ssd370-32-gb-2-5-internal-solid-state-drive-multi/1311699204.p?id=mp1311699204&skuId=1311699204",
      "sku": 1311699204,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - StoreJet Cloud Network Flash Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "TS64GSJC10K",
      "regularPrice": 57.73,
      "shortDescription": "Wireless LAN - USB 2.0 - Black",
      "longDescription": "Extra iOS StorageConnect via wireless. Share files with friends and family. Enjoy hours of entertainment anytime, anywhere. With the ultra-portable StoreJet Cloud you can wirelessly extend the storage space on your iPad/iPhone/iPod and other mobile devices to include all your favorite photos, eBooks, documents, music, and movies. StoreJet Cloud provides much-needed freedom from cables, skip-free playback in an instant, and is the ideal companion device for any situation.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305529/1305529937/1305529937_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305529/1305529937/1305529937_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-storejet-cloud-network-flash-drive-black/1305529937.p?id=mp1305529937&skuId=1305529937",
      "sku": 1305529937,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - StoreJet for Mac 1TB External Thunderbolt/USB 3.0 Solid State Drive - Gray",
      "modelNumber": "TS1TSJM500",
      "regularPrice": 736.99,
      "shortDescription": "Thunderbolt and USB 3.0 interfaces; UASP support; LED indicator lights; 10 Gbps interface transfer rates",
      "longDescription": "This Transcend StoreJet for Mac TS1TSJM500 external solid state drive offers 1TB of space to archive your digital files. Interface transfer rates as high as 10 Gbps with the included Thunderbolt cable offer rapid response when updating large files.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312249/1312249033/1312249033_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312249/1312249033/1312249033_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-storejet-for-mac-1tb-external-thunderbolt-usb-3-0-solid-state-drive-gray/1312249033.p?id=mp1312249033&skuId=1312249033",
      "sku": 1312249033,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - Transcend TS128GSSD340M 128G 2.5 - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 55.69,
      "shortDescription": "Imagine your notebook was faster, lighter, more reliable, and longer lasting. To overcome the limits of portable computing, Transcend's SSD340 SATA III SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, a compact and lightweight design, shock and",
      "longDescription": "Imagine your notebook was faster, lighter, more reliable, and longer lasting. To overcome the limits of portable computing, Transcend's SSD340 SATA III SSD boasts incredibly fast transfer speeds, a compact and lightweight design, shock and vibration resistance, and DevSleep support. That means you can enjoy a seamless, lag-free computing experience even when using your notebook on an extended journey.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357259/1310357259_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310357/1310357259/1310357259_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-transcend-ts128gssd340m-128g-2-5-multicolor/1310357259.p?id=mp1310357259&skuId=1310357259",
      "sku": 1310357259,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.8"
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - TS128MDOM40V-S Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "TS128MDOM40V-S",
      "regularPrice": 20.50,
      "shortDescription": "IDE",
      "longDescription": "Transcend IDE Flash Module is specially designed for use in the demanding industrial environments where industrial PCs, Set-Top Boxes and other computer systems must operate. IDE Flash Module is a convenient and easy to use solution for expanding an industrial computer's memory capacity.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305529/1305529906/1305529906_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305529/1305529906/1305529906_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ts128mdom40v-s-solid-state-drive/1305529906.p?id=mp1305529906&skuId=1305529906",
      "sku": 1305529906,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - TS16GSSD18S-M Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "TS16GSSD18S-M",
      "regularPrice": 73.67,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 150 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 50 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's 1.8\" SATA solid state drives (SSD) fit the standard dimensions of 1.8\" Micro-SATA Hard Disk Drives and are fully compatible with devices and operation systems that support the SATA 3.0Gb/s standard. Featuring smaller size, huge capacity (up to 128GB), high speed, low power consumption and shock resistance, Transcend's 1.8\" SATA SSDs are the perfect replacement storage devices for thin-and-light laptops, netbooks or embedded products.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305828/1305828269/1305828269_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305828/1305828269/1305828269_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ts16gssd18s-m-solid-state-drive/1305828269.p?id=mp1305828269&skuId=1305828269",
      "sku": 1305828269,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Transcend - TS8GSSD25H-M Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "TS8GSSD25H-M",
      "regularPrice": 108.22,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 90 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 25 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Transcend's 2.5\" half-slim SSDs provide instant access speeds, large storage capacity, high reliability, low power consumption and excellent shock resistance. With unbeatable performance and new tamper-resistant designs, Transcend's 2.5\" half-slim SSDs offer amazing benefits for virtually every type of computer, while at the same time assuring the utmost level of quality that only genuine Transcend products can deliver.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306458/1306458700/1306458700_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306458/1306458700/1306458700_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/transcend-ts8gssd25h-m-solid-state-drive/1306458700.p?id=mp1306458700&skuId=1306458700",
      "sku": 1306458700,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "V7 - Elite 2.5\" Solid State Drive 128GB - Black",
      "modelNumber": "VBS3128GR-3N",
      "regularPrice": 52.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MB/s Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 530 MB/s Maximum Write Transfer Rate - 28000IOPS Random 4KB Read - 90000IOPS Random 4KB Write - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "V7 2.5\" SOLID STATE DRIVE - 128GBSATA III/6 Gigabits per second(Gb/sec) V7's Solid State Drive (SSD) is innovatively engineered to deliver industry-leading file transfer rates and superior system responsiveness, all while providing a more durable, reliable, and energy efficient storage solution compared to traditional hard disk drives. The latest SSD storage solution for servers, Ultrabooks&#8482;, laptops and desktop PCs isrugged, fast and quiet. Offering data read speeds up to 550 MB/sec, ideal for handling large amounts of data quickly that improves system responsiveness, extends notebook battery life and maximizes computer performance. The internal SSD operates silently and provides faster system boot-up, application launch and shutdown times. VBS3120GR-3N is S.M.A.R.T. capable and offers TRIM support, and has a 100G Shock Rating. All V7 Solid State Drives are backed by a 2-year limited warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308860/1308860846/1308860846_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308860/1308860846/1308860846_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/v7-elite-2-5-solid-state-drive-128gb-black/1308860846.p?id=mp1308860846&skuId=1308860846",
      "sku": 1308860846,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Verbatim - Store 'n' Go 256 GB External Solid State Drive - Black",
      "modelNumber": "Vx450",
      "regularPrice": 190.80,
      "shortDescription": "USB 3.0 - mini-SATA - 450 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 350 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Portable - Black - 1 Pack",
      "longDescription": "Lightweight, fast, compact and durable, Verbatim's 256GB Store 'n' Go Vx450 external SSD provides the latest in external data storage options. Offering data transfer rates up to 450MB/sec, the Store 'n' Go Vx450 external SSD is ideal for users that demand maximum performance in data storage devices.* With USB 3.0 connectivity and an internal mSATA interface, the Store 'n' Go Vx450 handles large data transfers quickly - ideal for video editing, interchanging large amounts of data, or maximizing gaming performance. The Store 'n' Go Vx450 external SSD operates silently and features low power consumption for extended laptop battery life. The Vx450 external SSD is 100% compatible with USB 2.0 and is backed by a 2-year limited warranty.USB 3.0 connectivity and internal mSATA interface for high speed data transfer and optimum performanceRead Speeds up to 450MB/sec, Write speeds up to 350MB/sec*USB 3.0 connection required for maximum performance. Also compatible with USB 2.0 ports.Lightweight, slim design for ultimate portabilityShock resistant - withstands everyday bumps and dropsUSB 3.0 Cable and protective carrying pouch included.Backed by Verbatim's 2-year limited warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310781/1310781122/1310781122_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310781/1310781122/1310781122_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/verbatim-store-n-go-256-gb-external-solid-state-drive-black/1310781122.p?id=mp1310781122&skuId=1310781122",
      "sku": 1310781122,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Visiontek - GoDrive Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "900625",
      "regularPrice": 305.26,
      "shortDescription": "SATA",
      "longDescription": "Powered by the latest SandForce&#174; SF-2281 processor and utilizing the ultra-fast SATA III 6 Gb/s interface, The VisionTek GoDrive brings the proven reliable performance of synchronous NAND to the brand offering Power Users and Gamers the speed advantage they demand.  To ensure the VisionTek GoDrive provides rock-solid performance, technologies like TRIM,DuraClass, and DuraWrite have been included. Offering read/write speeds of 500+ MB/s, the GoDrive will quickly and efficiently process large file transfers and make even the most demanding applications perform smoothly and reliably.  With the GoDrive, VisionTek has continued pricing very aggressively to offer one of the best price-per-performance SSD on the market. Backed by VisionTek's award winning build quality and 3-year warranty; the GoDrive will deliver one of the most reliable choices in value/performance class SSDs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292944/1308292944_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292944/1308292944_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-godrive-solid-state-drive/1308292944.p?id=mp1308292944&skuId=1308292944",
      "sku": 1308292944,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Visiontek - GoDrive Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "900623",
      "regularPrice": 58.49,
      "shortDescription": "SATA - 550 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 520 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate",
      "longDescription": "Powered by the latest SandForce&#174; SF-2281 processor and utilizing the ultra-fast SATA III 6 Gb/s interface, The VisionTek GoDrive brings the proven reliable performance of synchronous NAND to the brand offering Power Users and Gamers the speed advantage they demand.  To ensure the VisionTek GoDrive provides rock-solid performance, technologies like TRIM,DuraClass, and DuraWrite have been included. Offering read/write speeds of 500+ MB/s, the GoDrive will quickly and efficiently process large file transfers and make even the most demanding applications perform smoothly and reliably.  With the GoDrive, VisionTek has continued pricing very aggressively to offer one of the best price-per-performance SSD on the market. Backed by VisionTek's award winning build quality and 3-year warranty; the GoDrive will deliver one of the most reliable choices in value/performance class SSDs.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292937/1308292937_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308292/1308292937/1308292937_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-godrive-solid-state-drive/1308292937.p?id=mp1308292937&skuId=1308292937",
      "sku": 1308292937,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "VisionTek - Racer Series 240GB Internal Serial ATA III Solid State Drive for Laptops",
      "modelNumber": "900500",
      "regularPrice": 126.86,
      "shortDescription": "Serial ATA III interface; RAISE (Redundant Array of Independent Silicon Elements); TRIM support; read speeds up to 555MB/sec.; write speeds up to 520MB/sec.",
      "longDescription": "Enhance your computer's storage capacity with this VisionTek Racer Series 900500 internal solid state drive, which offers 240GB of additional space for your files. The Serial ATA III interface enables easy connection to your existing laptop or desktop.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306354/1306354927/1306354927_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306354/1306354927/1306354927_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-racer-series-240gb-internal-serial-ata-iii-solid-state-drive-for-laptops/1306354927.p?id=mp1306354927&skuId=1306354927",
      "sku": 1306354927,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Visiontek - Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "900610",
      "regularPrice": 72.89,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 425 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "The VisionTek mSATA SSD Module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SATA III storage solution for use as a boot drive or internal high speed storage!Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the VisionTek mSATA SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 60,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low cost of ownership via reduced consumption or extended battery life.The VisionTek mSATA SSD module uses SandForice 22xxx processing, featuring robust ECC algorithm and redundant storage technology protects the data. The SandForce enabled efficient bad block management and reduced write amplification further bolster endurance of the drive. Drive health is monitored using an SSD-specific set of S.M.A.R.T. attributes. The combination of these techniques provides data protection unrivaled in the embedded storage industry.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306312/1306312231/1306312231_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306312/1306312231/1306312231_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-solid-state-drive/1306312231.p?id=mp1306312231&skuId=1306312231",
      "sku": 1306312231,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Visiontek - Solid State Drive",
      "modelNumber": "900611",
      "regularPrice": 77.01,
      "shortDescription": "mini-SATA - 540 MBps Maximum Read Transfer Rate - 425 MBps Maximum Write Transfer Rate - Plug-in Module",
      "longDescription": "The VisionTek mSATA SSD Module combines enterprise class performance and reliability with low power operation to make the ideal embedded SATA III storage solution for use as a boot drive or internal high speed storage!Providing an industry-leading bandwidth of more than 550MB/sec transfers, the VisionTek mSATA SSD module can approach the limits of the SATA 6Gb/s interface on large transfers. Performance reaches enterprise class standards with up to 60,000 IOPS while providing advanced power management for low cost of ownership via reduced consumption or extended battery life.The VisionTek mSATA SSD module uses SandForice 22xxx processing, featuring robust ECC algorithm and redundant storage technology protects the data. The SandForce enabled efficient bad block management and reduced write amplification further bolster endurance of the drive. Drive health is monitored using an SSD-specific set of S.M.A.R.T. attributes. The combination of these techniques provides data protection unrivaled in the embedded storage industry.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306312/1306312248/1306312248_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306312/1306312248/1306312248_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-solid-state-drive/1306312248.p?id=mp1306312248&skuId=1306312248",
      "sku": 1306312248,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "VisionTek - Solid State Drive Installation and File Transfer Kit",
      "modelNumber": "900537",
      "regularPrice": 22.99,
      "shortDescription": "Compatible with most 2.5\" Serial ATA solid state drives, PC and Mac; 2.5\"-to-3.5\" bracket; USB-to-SATA cable; Apricorn EZ Gig IV software",
      "longDescription": "Clone your computer's hard drive using a 2.5\" solid state drive with this VisionTek 900537 installation and file transfer kit, which includes a 2.5\"-to-3.5\" bracket, USB-to-SATA cable and Apricorn EZ Gig IV cloning software for simple backup and more.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/6060/6060039_105x105_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/products/6060/6060039_54x54_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/visiontek-solid-state-drive-installation-and-file-transfer-kit/6060039.p?id=1218715335587&skuId=6060039",
      "sku": 6060039,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.2"
    }
  ]
})
