ON_CALLBACK({
  "from": 701,
  "to": 800,
  "total": 1349,
  "currentPage": 8,
  "totalPages": 14,
  "queryTime": "0.008",
  "totalTime": "0.136",
  "partial": false,
  "canonicalUrl": "/v1/products((marketplace=*)&categoryPath.id=abcat0506000)?show=name,modelNumber,regularPrice,shortDescription,longDescription,image,thumbnailImage,url,sku,customerReviewAverage&page=8&format=json&callback=JSON_CALLBACK&apiKey=da2muhz5qcjjeebx6fytxhqy",
  "products": [
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - Black",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264BF160BJ",
      "regularPrice": 39.73,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "Of all the upgrade suppliers to choose from why should you buy Crucial memory? The answer is simple - quality, savings, and support - straight from the source. You won't find a more trusted, better-performing memory upgrade at a lower price.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313114/1313114392/1313114392_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313114/1313114392/1313114392_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module-black/1313114392.p?id=mp1313114392&skuId=1313114392",
      "sku": 1313114392,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - Green",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K4G3S1339M",
      "regularPrice": 54.56,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "Product highlights Increases Mac system performance Compatible with Mac systems* All DDR3 and DDR3L modules are lead- and halogen-free Easy to install Every single module extensively tested at the component and module level Available in SODIMMs, RDIMMs, and ECC UDIMMs Limited lifetime warranty Take the guesswork out of upgrading your Mac with Crucial memory for Mac systems. Since Apple&#174; computers often have very specific memory requirements, including particular component densities, speeds, and SPD programming specifications, it's important to use memory that's engineered for your Mac. With more than a decade of experience manufacturing and developing memory for all types of Apple computers, trust Crucial memory to optimize your Mac system's performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521689/1305521689_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521689/1305521689_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module-green/1305521689.p?id=mp1305521689&skuId=1305521689",
      "sku": 1305521689,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT102464BF186D",
      "regularPrice": 38.92,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz DDR3-1866/PC3-14900 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "In short, 204-pin small outline dual inline memory modules (SODIMMs) are the form factor used to provide DDR3 memory modules for notebook computers and other small form factor computing platforms. 204-pin SODIMMs are currently available in PC3-8500 (DDR3 1066MHz) and PC3-10600 (DDR3 1333MHz) speeds. To use DDR3 memory, your system must have both a 204-pin SODIMM slot and a chipset that supports DDR3 memory. A DDR3 SODIMM will not fit into DDR2 or DDR memory sockets. (Information about which memory technology your system uses is included in the Crucial Memory Advisor tool. SODIMMs are smaller and thinner than regular DIMMs, and the 204-pin SODIMM PCBs are always ~2.6 inches long and are usually around 1.18 inches high (though the heights can vary slightly). They consist of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The number of memory components on a 204-pin SODIMM\"s printed circuit board (PCB) can vary, but the PCB will always have 102 pins on the front and the back both, for a total of 204 pins. The gold pins on the bottom of the SODIMM provide the connection between the memory module and the memory socket.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976410/1312976410_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976410/1312976410_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312976410.p?id=mp1312976410&skuId=1312976410",
      "sku": 1312976410,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Modules - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G3ERSLD4160B",
      "regularPrice": 85.64,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000428/1313000428_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000428/1313000428_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-modules-multi/1313000428.p?id=mp1313000428&skuId=1313000428",
      "sku": 1313000428,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Modules - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K4G3ERVLD8160B",
      "regularPrice": 97.66,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976380/1312976380_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976380/1312976380_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-modules-multi/1312976380.p?id=mp1312976380&skuId=1312976380",
      "sku": 1312976380,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR4 PC4-17000 Unbuffered NON-ECC 1.2V - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G4DFD8213",
      "regularPrice": 42.19,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB - DDR4 SDRAM - 2133 MHz DDR4-2133/PC4-17000 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered",
      "longDescription": "More speed. More bandwidth. More efficient. Next generation DDR4 memory is here.Overcome one of your greatest server limitations: memory. From networking, cloud computing, and virtualization to HPC, Big Data and more, memory-dependent server applications require increasingly higher densities of memory and higher levels of performance than are attainable on current DDR3 technology. Enter Crucial DDR4 server memory. 2x the SpeedProcess data faster. Enable up to twice the responsiveness, and increase memory bandwidth by up to 50% to 25.6 GB/s. With Crucial DDR4 memory, introductory data rates start at 2133 MT/s and get even faster as the technology matures, compared to introductory DDR3 rates of 1066 MT/s. Crucial DDR4 memory also delivers faster burst access speeds for improved sequential data throughput by utilizing 4-bank groups that are unique to DDR4 technology. 2x the CapacityMaximize system performance by doubling memory capacity. As DDR4 memory technology matures, it will allow you to double your server\"s memory capacity and get more out of every module \" and your entire network. Built using smaller die that allow more gigabits per component, Crucial DDR4 memory is designed to utilize higher density components, allowing us to deliver DDR4 modules that are up to twice as dense. Up to 40% More Energy EfficientReduce power and cooling expenses. Crucial DDR4 memory uses 20% less voltage than DDR3 technology, and operates at just 1.2V compared to 1.5V for standard DDR3 server memory. Combined with the additional power-saving features inherent in DDR4 memory architecture, Crucial DDR4 memory is able to deliver up to 40% power savings compared to standard DDR3 technology. Also, since less heat is generated per module, it\"s easier to keep systems cool. Enhance cloud computing, Big Data, HPC, and moreFor memory-dependant server applications such as virtualization, cloud computing, Big Data, and HPC, Crucial DDR4 server memory is an ideal way to increase memory bandwidth and capacity, while also reducing power expenses. Since memory often functions as a fixed (non-shared) component, it\"s one of the biggest performance constraints for data centers. Maximize DDR4 memory capacity and achieve next generation performance and efficiency. Crucial DDR4 memory is compatible with future Intel\" Xeon\" processor E3-1200 v3 and E5-2600 v3 product families, allowing you to handle diverse enterprise workloads with ease. Micron Quality \" A Higher Level of ReliabilityAs a brand of Micron, one of the largest memory manufacturers in the world, Crucial DDR4 memory represents the future of server capability. From the original DDR technology to DDR4, we\"ve engineered the memory technologies that have powered the world\"s servers for 35 years and counting. Designed for leading platforms, compatible with OEM systems and warranties, and backed by a limited lifetime warranty, Crucial DDR4 memory pushes the limits on server performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509243/1312509243_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509243/1312509243_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr4-pc4-17000-unbuffered-non-ecc-1-2v-multi/1312509243.p?id=mp1312509243&skuId=1312509243",
      "sku": 1312509243,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G4RFD8213",
      "regularPrice": 60.11,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB - DDR4 SDRAM - 2133 MHz DDR4-2133/PC4-17000 - 1.20 V - ECC - Registered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "More speed. More bandwidth. More efficient. Next generation DDR4 memory is here.Overcome one of your greatest server limitations: memory. From networking, cloud computing, and virtualization to HPC, Big Data and more, memory-dependent server applications require increasingly higher densities of memory and higher levels of performance than are attainable on current DDR3 technology. Enter Crucial DDR4 server memory. 2x the SpeedProcess data faster. Enable up to twice the responsiveness, and increase memory bandwidth by up to 50% to 25.6 GB/s. With Crucial DDR4 memory, introductory data rates start at 2133 MT/s and get even faster as the technology matures, compared to introductory DDR3 rates of 1066 MT/s. Crucial DDR4 memory also delivers faster burst access speeds for improved sequential data throughput by utilizing 4-bank groups that are unique to DDR4 technology. 2x the CapacityMaximize system performance by doubling memory capacity. As DDR4 memory technology matures, it will allow you to double your server\"s memory capacity and get more out of every module \" and your entire network. Built using smaller die that allow more gigabits per component, Crucial DDR4 memory is designed to utilize higher density components, allowing us to deliver DDR4 modules that are up to twice as dense. Up to 40% More Energy EfficientReduce power and cooling expenses. Crucial DDR4 memory uses 20% less voltage than DDR3 technology, and operates at just 1.2V compared to 1.5V for standard DDR3 server memory. Combined with the additional power-saving features inherent in DDR4 memory architecture, Crucial DDR4 memory is able to deliver up to 40% power savings compared to standard DDR3 technology. Also, since less heat is generated per module, it\"s easier to keep systems cool. Enhance cloud computing, Big Data, HPC, and moreFor memory-dependant server applications such as virtualization, cloud computing, Big Data, and HPC, Crucial DDR4 server memory is an ideal way to increase memory bandwidth and capacity, while also reducing power expenses. Since memory often functions as a fixed (non-shared) component, it\"s one of the biggest performance constraints for data centers. Maximize DDR4 memory capacity and achieve next generation performance and efficiency. Crucial DDR4 memory is compatible with future Intel\" Xeon\" processor E3-1200 v3 and E5-2600 v3 product families, allowing you to handle diverse enterprise workloads with ease. Micron Quality \" A Higher Level of ReliabilityAs a brand of Micron, one of the largest memory manufacturers in the world, Crucial DDR4 memory represents the future of server capability. From the original DDR technology to DDR4, we\"ve engineered the memory technologies that have powered the world\"s servers for 35 years and counting. Designed for leading platforms, compatible with OEM systems and warranties, and backed by a limited lifetime warranty, Crucial DDR4 memory pushes the limits on server performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000572/1313000572_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000572/1313000572_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1313000572.p?id=mp1313000572&skuId=1313000572",
      "sku": 1313000572,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K4G4DFS8213",
      "regularPrice": 44.65,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2133 MHz DDR4-2133/PC4-17000 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "More speed. More bandwidth. More efficient. Next generation DDR4 memory is here.Overcome one of your greatest server limitations: memory. From networking, cloud computing, and virtualization to HPC, Big Data and more, memory-dependent server applications require increasingly higher densities of memory and higher levels of performance than are attainable on current DDR3 technology. Enter Crucial DDR4 server memory. 2x the SpeedProcess data faster. Enable up to twice the responsiveness, and increase memory bandwidth by up to 50% to 25.6 GB/s. With Crucial DDR4 memory, introductory data rates start at 2133 MT/s and get even faster as the technology matures, compared to introductory DDR3 rates of 1066 MT/s. Crucial DDR4 memory also delivers faster burst access speeds for improved sequential data throughput by utilizing 4-bank groups that are unique to DDR4 technology. 2x the CapacityMaximize system performance by doubling memory capacity. As DDR4 memory technology matures, it will allow you to double your server\"s memory capacity and get more out of every module \" and your entire network. Built using smaller die that allow more gigabits per component, Crucial DDR4 memory is designed to utilize higher density components, allowing us to deliver DDR4 modules that are up to twice as dense. Up to 40% More Energy EfficientReduce power and cooling expenses. Crucial DDR4 memory uses 20% less voltage than DDR3 technology, and operates at just 1.2V compared to 1.5V for standard DDR3 server memory. Combined with the additional power-saving features inherent in DDR4 memory architecture, Crucial DDR4 memory is able to deliver up to 40% power savings compared to standard DDR3 technology. Also, since less heat is generated per module, it\"s easier to keep systems cool. Enhance cloud computing, Big Data, HPC, and moreFor memory-dependant server applications such as virtualization, cloud computing, Big Data, and HPC, Crucial DDR4 server memory is an ideal way to increase memory bandwidth and capacity, while also reducing power expenses. Since memory often functions as a fixed (non-shared) component, it\"s one of the biggest performance constraints for data centers. Maximize DDR4 memory capacity and achieve next generation performance and efficiency. Crucial DDR4 memory is compatible with future Intel\" Xeon\" processor E3-1200 v3 and E5-2600 v3 product families, allowing you to handle diverse enterprise workloads with ease. Micron Quality \" A Higher Level of ReliabilityAs a brand of Micron, one of the largest memory manufacturers in the world, Crucial DDR4 memory represents the future of server capability. From the original DDR technology to DDR4, we\"ve engineered the memory technologies that have powered the world\"s servers for 35 years and counting. Designed for leading platforms, compatible with OEM systems and warranties, and backed by a limited lifetime warranty, Crucial DDR4 memory pushes the limits on server performance.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976571/1312976571_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976571/1312976571_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312976571.p?id=mp1312976571&skuId=1312976571",
      "sku": 1312976571,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB Kit (4GBx2) DDR3 PC3-14900 Unbuffered NON-ECC 1.35V - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264BF186DJ",
      "regularPrice": 47.58,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz DDR3-1866/PC3-14900 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "In short, 204-pin small outline dual inline memory modules (SODIMMs) are the form factor used to provide DDR3 memory modules for notebook computers and other small form factor computing platforms. 204-pin SODIMMs are currently available in PC3-8500 (DDR3 1066MHz) and PC3-10600 (DDR3 1333MHz) speeds. To use DDR3 memory, your system must have both a 204-pin SODIMM slot and a chipset that supports DDR3 memory. A DDR3 SODIMM will not fit into DDR2 or DDR memory sockets. (Information about which memory technology your system uses is included in the Crucial Memory Advisor tool. SODIMMs are smaller and thinner than regular DIMMs, and the 204-pin SODIMM PCBs are always ~2.6 inches long and are usually around 1.18 inches high (though the heights can vary slightly). They consist of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The number of memory components on a 204-pin SODIMM\"s printed circuit board (PCB) can vary, but the PCB will always have 102 pins on the front and the back both, for a total of 204 pins. The gold pins on the bottom of the SODIMM provide the connection between the memory module and the memory socket.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262895/1313262895_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313262/1313262895/1313262895_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-kit-4gbx2-ddr3-pc3-14900-unbuffered-non-ecc-1-35v-multi/1313262895.p?id=mp1313262895&skuId=1313262895",
      "sku": 1313262895,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 204-pin SODIMM, DDR3 PC3-10600 Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264BF1339",
      "regularPrice": 139.38,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "In short, 204-pin small outline dual inline memory modules (SODIMMs) are the form factor used to provide DDR3 memory modules for notebook computers and other small form factor computing platforms. 204-pin SODIMMs are currently available in PC3-8500 (DDR3 1066MHz) and PC3-10600 (DDR3 1333MHz) speeds.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304804/1304804844/1304804844_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304804/1304804844/1304804844_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-kit-4gbx2-204-pin-sodimm-ddr3-pc3-10600-memory-module/1304804844.p?id=mp1304804844&skuId=1304804844",
      "sku": 1304804844,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 240-pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-12800 Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264BA160BJ",
      "regularPrice": 37.93,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Of all the upgrade suppliers to choose from why should you buy Crucial memory? The answer issimple - quality, savings, and support - straight from the source. You won't find a more trusted,better-performing memory upgrade at a lower price.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976434/1312976434_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976434/1312976434_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-kit-4gbx2-240-pin-dimm-ddr3-pc3-12800-memory-module-multi/1312976434.p?id=mp1312976434&skuId=1312976434",
      "sku": 1312976434,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 240-Pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-12800 Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264BA160B",
      "regularPrice": 38.57,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230305/1307230305_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230305/1307230305_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-kit-4gbx2-240-pin-dimm-ddr3-pc3-12800-memory-module-multi/1307230305.p?id=mp1307230305&skuId=1307230305",
      "sku": 1307230305,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB Kit (4GBx2), 240-pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-8500 Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51272BA1067",
      "regularPrice": 103.15,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1066 MHz DDR3-1066/PC3-8500 - 1.50 V - ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.Each 240-pin DIMM provides a 64-bit data path (72-bit for ECC or registered or Fully Buffered modules). (The Ballistix&#8482; and Ballistix Tracer&#8482; high-performance memory do not come in 72-bit or registered modules.) Standard DDR3 240-pin DIMMs are currently available in PC3-8500 (DDR3 1066MHz) and PC3-10600 (DDR3 1333MHz) speeds. Additional speeds will be added as the technology becomes available.To use DDR3 memory, your system motherboard must have 240-pin DIMM slots and a DDR3-enabled chipset. This is because a DDR3 SDRAM DIMM will not fit into a standard DDR2 DIMM socket or a DDR DIMM socket.The number of black components on a 240-pin DIMM can vary, but it always has 120 pins on the front and 120 pins on the back, for a total of 240. 240-pin DIMMs are approximately 5.25 inches long and 1.18 inches high, though the heights can vary. While 240-pin DDR3 DIMMS, 240-pin DDR2 DIMMs, 184-pin DDR DIMMs, and 168-pin DIMMs are approximately the same size, 240-pin DIMMs and 184-pin DIMMs have only one notch within the row of pins.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230213/1307230213_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230213/1307230213_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-kit-4gbx2-240-pin-dimm-ddr3-pc3-8500-memory-module-multi/1307230213.p?id=mp1307230213&skuId=1307230213",
      "sku": 1307230213,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB, 240-Pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-12800 Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT102464BA160B",
      "regularPrice": 40.02,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509892/1312509892_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312509/1312509892/1312509892_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-240-pin-dimm-ddr3-pc3-12800-memory-module-multi/1312509892.p?id=mp1312509892&skuId=1312509892",
      "sku": 1312509892,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - 8GB, 240-pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-14900 memory module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G3ERSDD8186D",
      "regularPrice": 67.30,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz DDR3-1866/PC3-14900 - 1.50 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 8GB, 240-pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-14900 memory module - 8 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz DDR3-1866/PC3-14900 - 1.50 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976458/1312976458_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976458/1312976458_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-8gb-240-pin-dimm-ddr3-pc3-14900-memory-module-multi/1312976458.p?id=mp1312976458&skuId=1312976458",
      "sku": 1312976458,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "BLT2KIT4G3D1869DT1TX0",
      "regularPrice": 49.04,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz DDR3-1866/PC3-14900 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230602/1307230602_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230602/1307230602_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307230602.p?id=mp1307230602&skuId=1307230602",
      "sku": 1307230602,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Elite 16GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLE4K4G4D26AFEA",
      "regularPrice": 130.99,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (4 x 4 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2666 MHz DDR4-2666/PC4-21300 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Outplay. Outmatch. Outlast. The future of performance memory is here.To max out performance in the final days of DDR3 technology, you needed the right processor, the right motherboard, a PhD in overclocking, and the willingness to surrender everything in your wallet. Not anymore.Crucial Ballistix Elite DDR4 memory cracks the DDR3 performance limit and debuts at 2666 MT/s - and that's just getting started. Feed your 8-cores and draw upon some of the fastest speeds and bandwidths available.Outplay. Open fire at 2666 MT/sWhile your opponents fight petty using DDR3-1600 MT/s, obliterate them with DDR4-2666 MT/s speeds that get even faster as the technology matures. Alongside these speed gains, draw on the improved responsiveness, increased frame rates, and optimized latencies of Ballistix Elite DDR4 technology and revel in an unreal gaming experience.Outmatch. Subjugate the opposition with 21.3 GB/s bandwidthFlood your memory bandwidth and process up to 21.3 gigabytes per second - a feat that's nearly impossible to achieve with DDR3 memory. Leveraging the faster burst access speeds that are only possible on DDR4 architecture, Ballistix Elite DDR4 maximizes performance with four channel memory.Outwork. Push your memory to the edge - using less powerBallistix Elite DDR4 memory leverages the latest advancements in efficiency technology and is engineered to run at lower voltages for inherent energy gains. Armed with a thermal sensor and our high-end Ballistix M.O.D. utility for real-time temperature monitoring, Ballistix Elite DDR4 wrings up to 40% more power efficiency out of your memory.Outfit. Brandish your memory in styleGive your rig a next-gen facelift with a menacing black anodized heat spreader and complementary black PCB that bodes well for any color scheme. Optimized for the latest Intel&#174; X99 boards with support for XMP 2.0 profiles, Ballistix Elite DDR4 module set up is easy: just lock and load your BIOS and get ready to win.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313277/1313277356/1313277356_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313277/1313277356/1313277356_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-elite-16gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1313277356.p?id=mp1313277356&skuId=1313277356",
      "sku": 1313277356,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 16GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS2K8G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 95.54,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (2 x 8 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you\"re new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it\"s priced affordably\"so you can have your fun and stay on budget. The Ballistix Sport Series memory is available in both DDR2 and DDR3 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you\"ll be sure to find a product that suits your needs And because it supports today\"s latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000596/1313000596_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000596/1313000596_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-16gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1313000596.p?id=mp1313000596&skuId=1313000596",
      "sku": 1313000596,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 16GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4K4G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 105.31,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (4 x 4 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you\"re new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it\"s priced affordably\"so you can have your fun and stay on budget. The Ballistix Sport Series memory is available in both DDR2 and DDR3 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you\"ll be sure to find a product that suits your needs And because it supports today\"s latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976649/1312976649_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976649/1312976649_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-16gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312976649.p?id=mp1312976649&skuId=1312976649",
      "sku": 1312976649,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 32GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4K8G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 186.64,
      "shortDescription": "32 GB (4 x 8 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you\"re new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it\"s priced affordably\"so you can have your fun and stay on budget. The Ballistix Sport Series memory is available in both DDR2 and DDR3 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you\"ll be sure to find a product that suits your needs And because it supports today\"s latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312517/1312517606/1312517606_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312517/1312517606/1312517606_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-32gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312517606.p?id=mp1312517606&skuId=1312517606",
      "sku": 1312517606,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 4GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 29.15,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial Ballistix Sport Series MemoryApproximately 5.25 in. by 1.18 in. (133.35 mm by 30 mm) Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you're new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it's priced affordably-so you can have your fun and stay on budget. Available in both DDR2, DDR3, and DDR4 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you'll be sure to find a product that suits your needs. And because it supports today's latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976632/1312976632_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312976/1312976632/1312976632_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-4gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312976632.p?id=mp1312976632&skuId=1312976632",
      "sku": 1312976632,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 4GB Laptop Memory Module - Black",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4G3N169ES4",
      "regularPrice": 28.96,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "Of all the upgrade suppliers to choose from why should you buy Crucial memory? The answer is simple - quality, savings, and support - straight from the source. You won't find a more trusted, better-performing memory upgrade at a lower price.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309711/1309711697/1309711697_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309711/1309711697/1309711697_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-4gb-laptop-memory-module-black/1309711697.p?id=mp1309711697&skuId=1309711697",
      "sku": 1309711697,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 4GB Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4G3D1609ES2LX0",
      "regularPrice": 27.90,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Engineered to deliver fast and reliable performance memory for enthusiasts and mainstream users alike, the Crucial&#174; Ballistix&#174; Sport series is a great place to start. Touting all the usual benefits of a memory upgrade-faster load times, better system responsiveness, and increased ability to handle data-intensive games-Ballistix Sport modules also feature an array of additional features. With an eye-catching design, premium-quality DRAM, and a stylish integrated heat spreader for thermal performance, Ballistix Sport performance memory makes it easy to take your game to the next level. Since Ballistix Sport modules are budget-friendly and compatible with nearly every type of system on the market, you'll be hard pressed to find a better win.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309711/1309711680/1309711680_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309711/1309711680/1309711680_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-4gb-memory-module-multi/1309711680.p?id=mp1309711680&skuId=1309711680",
      "sku": 1309711680,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - Silver",
      "modelNumber": "BLS2KIT4G3D1609DS1S00",
      "regularPrice": 45.89,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307798/1307798614/1307798614_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307798/1307798614/1307798614_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module-silver/1307798614.p?id=mp1307798614&skuId=1307798614",
      "sku": 1307798614,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 8GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS8G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 49.58,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial Ballistix Sport Series MemoryApproximately 5.25 in. by 1.18 in. (133.35 mm by 30 mm) Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you're new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it's priced affordably-so you can have your fun and stay on budget. Available in both DDR2, DDR3, and DDR4 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you'll be sure to find a product that suits your needs. And because it supports today's latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312517/1312517590/1312517590_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1312/1312517/1312517590/1312517590_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-8gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1312517590.p?id=mp1312517590&skuId=1312517590",
      "sku": 1312517590,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Sport 8GB DDR4 SDRAM Memory Module - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLS2K4G4D240FSA",
      "regularPrice": 59.97,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR4 SDRAM - 2400 MHz DDR4-2400/PC4-19200 - 1.20 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 288-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Performance memory for the rest of us. Designed for entry-level and mainstream users Integrated heat spreaders Limited lifetime warranty Proven stability and reliability Crucial: a trusted name in memory Performance memory for everyoneSerious gamers are serious about our award-winning Ballistix and Ballistix Tracer products. At Crucial, we engineer these products to deliver the fastest, most reliable memory for gaming and performance enthusiasts. But why should the most hardcore gamers have all of the fun? If you\"re new to performance memory and like what Ballistix has to offer, the Crucial Ballistix Sport Series is a great place to start. This line was created for mainstream users and general enthusiasts. They feature heat spreaders for thermal performance -- along with standard timings and voltages, making this reliable, quality module ideal for maximum stability and compatibility. Easy installationUnlike traditional Ballistix products, those industry -standard specifications require no special or tricky BIOS configuration. That means this product installs easily, so you can get up and running quickly. And, it\"s priced affordably\"so you can have your fun and stay on budget. The Ballistix Sport Series memory is available in both DDR2 and DDR3 in the most common and popular speeds and densities, you\"ll be sure to find a product that suits your needs And because it supports today\"s latest AMD and Intel platforms (including SandyBridge), Ballistix Sports Series memory works upon installation. Guaranteed CompatibleCrucial Ballistix Sports Series memory is backed by our outstanding service and support, enjoys a limited lifetime warranty, and is guaranteed compatible.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000589/1313000589_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000589/1313000589_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-sport-8gb-ddr4-sdram-memory-module-multi/1313000589.p?id=mp1313000589&skuId=1313000589",
      "sku": 1313000589,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Tactical 12GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "BLT3KIT4G3D1608DT1TX0",
      "regularPrice": 163.72,
      "shortDescription": "12 GB (3 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230541/1307230541_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230541/1307230541_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-tactical-12gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307230541.p?id=mp1307230541&skuId=1307230541",
      "sku": 1307230541,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Tactical 32GB Memory Module Kit - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "BLT4K8G3D1608ET3LX0",
      "regularPrice": 181.80,
      "shortDescription": "32 GB (4 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unregistered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 32GB kit (8GBx4), Ballistix 240-pin DIMM, DDR3 PC3-12800 Memory Module - 32 GB (4 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unregistered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308715/1308715672/1308715672_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308715/1308715672/1308715672_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-tactical-32gb-memory-module-kit-multi/1308715672.p?id=mp1308715672&skuId=1308715672",
      "sku": 1308715672,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Tactical 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "BLT4G3D1608DT1TX0",
      "regularPrice": 26.01,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230527/1307230527_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230527/1307230527_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-tactical-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307230527.p?id=mp1307230527&skuId=1307230527",
      "sku": 1307230527,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Ballistix Tactical 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "BLT2KIT4G3D1608DT1TX0",
      "regularPrice": 48.35,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230534/1307230534_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230534/1307230534_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ballistix-tactical-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307230534.p?id=mp1307230534&skuId=1307230534",
      "sku": 1307230534,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - BLS2G2D80EBS1S00 2GB PC2-6400 DDR2 240PIN DIMM Memory - Orange",
      "modelNumber": "BLS2G2D80EBS1S00",
      "regularPrice": 43.58,
      "shortDescription": "2 GB (1 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - 1.80 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230497/1307230497_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230497/1307230497_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-bls2g2d80ebs1s00-2gb-pc2-6400-ddr2-240pin-dimm-memory-orange/1307230497.p?id=mp1307230497&skuId=1307230497",
      "sku": 1307230497,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - BLS2KIT2G2D80EBS1S00 4GB KIT 2 x 2GB PC2-6400 DDR2 Memory",
      "modelNumber": "BLS2KIT2G2D80EBS1S00",
      "regularPrice": 63.92,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (2 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230503/1307230503_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230503/1307230503_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-bls2kit2g2d80ebs1s00-4gb-kit-2-x-2gb-pc2-6400-ddr2-memory/1307230503.p?id=mp1307230503&skuId=1307230503",
      "sku": 1307230503,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - BLS4G3D1609DS1S00 4GB PC3-12800 1600MHZ DDR3 Memory",
      "modelNumber": "BLS4G3D1609DS1S00",
      "regularPrice": 23.94,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230619/1307230619_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230619/1307230619_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-bls4g3d1609ds1s00-4gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-memory/1307230619.p?id=mp1307230619&skuId=1307230619",
      "sku": 1307230619,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Crucial CT12864AA667M DRAM 1 GB DDR2 PC2-5300 NON-ECC - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 16.53,
      "shortDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience and are",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience and are the lowest-cost, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173284/1305173284_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173284/1305173284_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-crucial-ct12864aa667m-dram-1-gb-ddr2-pc2-5300-non-ecc-multicolor/1305173284.p?id=mp1305173284&skuId=1305173284",
      "sku": 1305173284,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Crucial CT12864AC667M DRAM 1 GB DDR2 SODIMM PC2-5300 - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 16.74,
      "shortDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience and are",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience and are the lowest-cost, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173475/1305173475_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173475/1305173475_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-crucial-ct12864ac667m-dram-1-gb-ddr2-sodimm-pc2-5300-multicolor/1305173475.p?id=mp1305173475&skuId=1305173475",
      "sku": 1305173475,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Crucial PJ9748g Crucial Technology CT16G3ERSLD4160B 16GB PC3-12800 1600MHz DDR3 240pin DIMM Ecc Dr X4 Reg Cl9 1.35v - Multicolor",
      "modelNumber": null,
      "regularPrice": 101.59,
      "shortDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309191/1309191918/1309191918_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309191/1309191918/1309191918_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-crucial-pj9748g-crucial-technology-ct16g3ersld4160b-16gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-240pin-dimm-ecc-dr-x4-reg-cl9-1-35v-multicolor/1309191918.p?id=mp1309191918&skuId=1309191918",
      "sku": 1309191918,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT102464BF160B 8GB PC3-12800 1600MHZ DDR3 Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT102464BF160B",
      "regularPrice": 39.37,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "In short, 204-pin small outline dual inline memory modules (SODIMMs) are the form factor used to provide DDR3 memory modules for notebook computers and other small form factor computing platforms. 204-pin SODIMMs are currently available in PC3-8500 (DDR3 1066MHz) and PC3-10600 (DDR3 1333MHz) speeds.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305492/1305492385/1305492385_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305492/1305492385/1305492385_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct102464bf160b-8gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-memory-multi/1305492385.p?id=mp1305492385&skuId=1305492385",
      "sku": 1305492385,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT102472BB160B 8GB PC3-12800 1600MHZ DDR3 Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "CT102472BB160B",
      "regularPrice": 59.01,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 8 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230404/1307230404_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230404/1307230404_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct102472bb160b-8gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-memory-multi/1307230404.p?id=mp1307230404&skuId=1307230404",
      "sku": 1307230404,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2K4G3S1067M 8GB KIT 2 x 4GB DDR3 1066MHZ Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K4G3S1067M",
      "regularPrice": 55.62,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (2 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1066 MHz DDR3-1066/PC3-8500 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521641/1305521641_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521641/1305521641_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2k4g3s1067m-8gb-kit-2-x-4gb-ddr3-1066mhz-memory/1305521641.p?id=mp1305521641&skuId=1305521641",
      "sku": 1305521641,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2K8G3S160BM 16GB KIT 2X8GB DDR3 1600MHZ Memory - Black",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K8G3S160BM",
      "regularPrice": 68.12,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (2 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772898/1307772898_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772898/1307772898_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2k8g3s160bm-16gb-kit-2x8gb-ddr3-1600mhz-memory-black/1307772898.p?id=mp1307772898&skuId=1307772898",
      "sku": 1307772898,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2KIT102464BA160B 16GB KIT 8GBX2 DDR3-1600 UDIMM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT102464BA160B",
      "regularPrice": 66.90,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (2 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309191/1309191956/1309191956_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309191/1309191956/1309191956_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2kit102464ba160b-16gb-kit-8gbx2-ddr3-1600-udimm-memory/1309191956.p?id=mp1309191956&skuId=1309191956",
      "sku": 1309191956,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2KIT102472BA160B 16GB KIT 2X8GB PC3-12800 240PIN Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT102472BA160B",
      "regularPrice": 109.71,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (2 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521542/1305521542_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521542/1305521542_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2kit102472ba160b-16gb-kit-2x8gb-pc3-12800-240pin-memory/1305521542.p?id=mp1305521542&skuId=1305521542",
      "sku": 1305521542,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2KIT12864Z40B 2GB KIT 2 x 1GB PC3200 400MHZ DDR Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT12864Z40B",
      "regularPrice": 67.54,
      "shortDescription": "2 GB (2 x 1 GB) - DDR SDRAM - 400 MHz DDR400/PC3200 - 2.60 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 184-pin - DIMM - Retail",
      "longDescription": "A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.184-pin DIMMs are used to provide DDR SDRAM memory for desktop computers. Standard 184-pin DIMMs are available in PC1600 DDR SDRAM, PC2100 DDR SDRAM, PC2700 DDR SDRAM, and PC3200 DDR SDRAM.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173420/1305173420_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173420/1305173420_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2kit12864z40b-2gb-kit-2-x-1gb-pc3200-400mhz-ddr-memory/1305173420.p?id=mp1305173420&skuId=1305173420",
      "sku": 1305173420,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2KIT25664BA1339A 4GB KIT 2 x 2GB PC3-10600 1333MHZ Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT25664BA1339A",
      "regularPrice": 71.04,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (2 x 2 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305466/1305466331/1305466331_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305466/1305466331/1305466331_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2kit25664ba1339a-4gb-kit-2-x-2gb-pc3-10600-1333mhz-memory/1305466331.p?id=mp1305466331&skuId=1305466331",
      "sku": 1305466331,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT2KIT51264AA667 8GB KIT 2 x 4GB PC2-5300 DDR2 Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT2KIT51264AA667",
      "regularPrice": 247.20,
      "shortDescription": "8GB (2 x 4GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230183/1307230183_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230183/1307230183_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct2kit51264aa667-8gb-kit-2-x-4gb-pc2-5300-ddr2-memory/1307230183.p?id=mp1307230183&skuId=1307230183",
      "sku": 1307230183,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT51264AC800 4GB PC2-6400 DDR2 SODIMM 200PIN Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT51264AC800",
      "regularPrice": 118.76,
      "shortDescription": "4GB - 800MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230190/1307230190_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307230/1307230190/1307230190_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct51264ac800-4gb-pc2-6400-ddr2-sodimm-200pin-memory/1307230190.p?id=mp1307230190&skuId=1307230190",
      "sku": 1307230190,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT51264BA160B 4GB PC3-12800 1600MHZ DDR3 Memory - Green",
      "modelNumber": "CT51264BA160B",
      "regularPrice": 23.63,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309661/1309661862/1309661862_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309661/1309661862/1309661862_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct51264ba160b-4gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-memory-green/1309661862.p?id=mp1309661862&skuId=1309661862",
      "sku": 1309661862,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT51264BF1339J 4GB PC3-10600 DDR3 204PIN 1333 Memory - Black",
      "modelNumber": "CT51264BF1339J",
      "regularPrice": 55.82,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "Of all the upgrade suppliers to choose from why should you buy Crucial memory? The answer is simple - quality, savings, and support - straight from the source. You won't find a more trusted, better-performing memory upgrade at a lower price.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306414/1306414683/1306414683_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306414/1306414683/1306414683_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct51264bf1339j-4gb-pc3-10600-ddr3-204pin-1333-memory-black/1306414683.p?id=mp1306414683&skuId=1306414683",
      "sku": 1306414683,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - CT51272BD160B 4GB PC3-12800 1600MHZ DDR3 Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT51272BD160B",
      "regularPrice": 47.46,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304695/1304695527/1304695527_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304695/1304695527/1304695527_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ct51272bd160b-4gb-pc3-12800-1600mhz-ddr3-memory/1304695527.p?id=mp1304695527&skuId=1304695527",
      "sku": 1304695527,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - PC2-6400 800MHz 2GB DDR2 SODIMM Laptop Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CT25664AC800",
      "regularPrice": 30.40,
      "shortDescription": "2GB - 800MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience and are the lowest-cost, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173499/1305173499_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305173/1305173499/1305173499_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-pc2-6400-800mhz-2gb-ddr2-sodimm-laptop-memory/1305173499.p?id=mp1305173499&skuId=1305173499",
      "sku": 1305173499,
      "customerReviewAverage": "3.6"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - RAM Module 2GB DDR2-800/PC2-6400 (1 x 2GB) DDR2 SDRAM 800MHz Non-ECC Unbuffered CL6 200-pin SoDIMM",
      "modelNumber": "CT2G2S800M",
      "regularPrice": 36.84,
      "shortDescription": "2 GB (1 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - 1.80 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 200-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772850/1307772850_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772850/1307772850_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ram-module-2gb-ddr2-800-pc2-6400-1-x-2gb-ddr2-sdram-800mhz-non-ecc-unbuffered-cl6-200-pin-sodimm/1307772850.p?id=mp1307772850&skuId=1307772850",
      "sku": 1307772850,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - RAM Module 4GB DDR3-1066/PC3-8600 (1 x 4GB) DDR3 SDRAM 1066MHz Non-ECC Unbuffered CL7 204-pin SoDIMM",
      "modelNumber": "CT4G3S1067M",
      "regularPrice": 29.71,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1066 MHz DDR3-1066/PC3-8600 - 1.50 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521634/1305521634_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521634/1305521634_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-ram-module-4gb-ddr3-1066-pc3-8600-1-x-4gb-ddr3-sdram-1066mhz-non-ecc-unbuffered-cl7-204-pin-sodimm/1305521634.p?id=mp1305521634&skuId=1305521634",
      "sku": 1305521634,
      "customerReviewAverage": "4.5"
    },
    {
      "name": "Crucial - Refurbished 16GB,DIMM,DDR3 PC3-10600 Memory Module-16GBDDR3 SDRAM-1333 MHz 1.35 V-ECC-Registered-240pin - Black",
      "modelNumber": "CT204872BQ1339",
      "regularPrice": 197.49,
      "shortDescription": "Refurbished - 16 GB (1 x 16 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Crucial 240-pin DIMMs are used in DDR3 memory for desktop computers. DDR3 is the latest generation of memory with an improved architecture that allows it to transmit data more quickly.A dual inline memory module (DIMM) consists of a number of memory components (usually black) that are attached to a printed circuit board (usually green). The gold pins on the bottom of the DIMM provide a connection between the module and a socket on a larger printed circuit board. The pins on the front and back of a DIMM are not connected to each other.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000381/1313000381_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313000/1313000381/1313000381_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/crucial-refurbished-16gbdimmddr3-pc3-10600-memory-module-16gbddr3-sdram-1333-mhz-1-35-v-ecc-registered-240pin-black/1313000381.p?id=mp1313000381&skuId=1313000381",
      "sku": 1313000381,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "SNP9J5WFC/4G",
      "regularPrice": 111.24,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Dell 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310028/1310028739/1310028739_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310028/1310028739/1310028739_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1310028739.p?id=mp1310028739&skuId=1310028739",
      "sku": 1310028739,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - 4GB DRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "SNPFYHV1C/4G",
      "regularPrice": 44.97,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB - DRAM - 1600 MHz",
      "longDescription": "Dell SNPFYHV1C/4G 4 GB Certified Replacement Memory Module for Select Latitude E-Family Up to 1600MHz",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382594/1305382594_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305382/1305382594/1305382594_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-4gb-dram-memory-module/1305382594.p?id=mp1305382594&skuId=1305382594",
      "sku": 1305382594,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - Refurbished Dell 1GB DDR SDRAM Memory Module-1 GB-DDR SDRAM-400 MHz DDR400/PC3200-2.50 V-Non-ECC-Unbuffered - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SNPJ0203C/1G",
      "regularPrice": 17.49,
      "shortDescription": "Refurbished - 1 GB (1 x 1 GB) - DDR SDRAM - 400 MHz DDR400/PC3200 - 2.60 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 184-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Supercharge your Dell system with a Dell Memory upgrade engineered, tested and customized for your system. Dell Memory is another great product from Dell - high quality at an excellent price. Adding more memory revs your system's engine and allows you to release its full potential when working with 3D imaging, multimedia, and other memory intensive applications. With Dell memory we also offer a limited lifetime warranty and the benefits of Dell's service and support. Maximize the value of your computer investment with an easy-to-install, reliable Dell Memory upgrade. Trust only Dell Memory for your next Dell system upgrade!",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313512/1313512488/1313512488_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1313/1313512/1313512488/1313512488_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-refurbished-dell-1gb-ddr-sdram-memory-module-1-gb-ddr-sdram-400-mhz-ddr400-pc3200-2-50-v-non-ecc-unbuffered-multi/1313512488.p?id=mp1313512488&skuId=1313512488",
      "sku": 1313512488,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - SNP66GKYC/8G 8GB 1600MHZ NON-ECC DDR3 SDRAM Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SNP66GKYC/8G",
      "regularPrice": 140.06,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Dell 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310028/1310028722/1310028722_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310028/1310028722/1310028722_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-snp66gkyc-8g-8gb-1600mhz-non-ecc-ddr3-sdram-memory-multi/1310028722.p?id=mp1310028722&skuId=1310028722",
      "sku": 1310028722,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - SNP66GKYC/8G 8GB 1600MHZ NON-ECC DDR3 SDRAM Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SNP66GKYC/8G",
      "regularPrice": 65.61,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Dell 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304759/1304759144/1304759144_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304759/1304759144/1304759144_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-snp66gkyc-8g-8gb-1600mhz-non-ecc-ddr3-sdram-memory-multi/1304759144.p?id=mp1304759144&skuId=1304759144",
      "sku": 1304759144,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - SNPP9RN2C/8G 8GB KIT 2R x 4R 1333MHZ DIMM CERT Memory",
      "modelNumber": "SNPP9RN2C/8G",
      "regularPrice": 118.78,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Dell 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309193/1309193752/1309193752_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1309/1309193/1309193752/1309193752_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-snpp9rn2c-8g-8gb-kit-2r-x-4r-1333mhz-dimm-cert-memory/1309193752.p?id=mp1309193752&skuId=1309193752",
      "sku": 1309193752,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Dell - SNPVT8FPC/4G 4GB 1600MHZ NON-ECC DDR3 SDRAM Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "SNPVT8FPC/4G",
      "regularPrice": 64.49,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Dell 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304759/1304759137/1304759137_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304759/1304759137/1304759137_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/dell-snpvt8fpc-4g-4gb-1600mhz-non-ecc-ddr3-sdram-memory-multi/1304759137.p?id=mp1304759137&skuId=1304759137",
      "sku": 1304759137,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 16GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE230364",
      "regularPrice": 174.11,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (1 x 16 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE Memory upgrades are backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124568/1306124568_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124568/1306124568_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-16gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1306124568.p?id=mp1306124568&skuId=1306124568",
      "sku": 1306124568,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE204877",
      "regularPrice": 14.52,
      "shortDescription": "1GB (1 x 1GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305421/1305421781/1305421781_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305421/1305421781/1305421781_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-1gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1305421781.p?id=mp1305421781&skuId=1305421781",
      "sku": 1305421781,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE197711",
      "regularPrice": 18.33,
      "shortDescription": "1GB (1 x 1GB) - 533MHz DDR2-533/PC2-4200 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307327/1307327173/1307327173_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307327/1307327173/1307327173_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-1gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1307327173.p?id=mp1307327173&skuId=1307327173",
      "sku": 1307327173,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 2GB DDR SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "300680-B21-PE",
      "regularPrice": 56.16,
      "shortDescription": "2GB (2 x 1GB) - 266MHz DDR266/PC2100 - ECC - DDR SDRAM - 184-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE Memory upgrades are backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307233/1307233238/1307233238_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307233/1307233238/1307233238_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-2gb-ddr-sdram-memory-module/1307233238.p?id=mp1307233238&skuId=1307233238",
      "sku": 1307233238,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 2GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "0A65728-PE",
      "regularPrice": 57.99,
      "shortDescription": "2 GB (1 x 2 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory is a leading supplier of memory upgrades, solid state drives, portable computing products, and storage devices. EDGE was originally founded in 1986 and is now backed by the largest manufacturer of domestically produced memory modules and solid state drives.  EDGE products are produced in our state-of-the-art ISO-9001:2008 facility. Our U.S. based engineering and manufacturing facilities provide us with the unique ability to customize projects and provide quick product delivery to all areas of the U.S. All EDGE products come backed by a superior product warranty and quality guarantee.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310274/1310274532/1310274532_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310274/1310274532/1310274532_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-2gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1310274532.p?id=mp1310274532&skuId=1310274532",
      "sku": 1310274532,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 4 GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - SO DIMM 204-pin - 1333 MHz",
      "modelNumber": "PE225476",
      "regularPrice": 41.87,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304805/1304805216/1304805216_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304805/1304805216/1304805216_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-4-gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module-so-dimm-204-pin-1333-mhz/1304805216.p?id=mp1304805216&skuId=1304805216",
      "sku": 1304805216,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE223953",
      "regularPrice": 25.96,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240359/1307240359_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240359/1307240359_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307240359.p?id=mp1307240359&skuId=1307240359",
      "sku": 1307240359,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "0A65729-PE",
      "regularPrice": 23.53,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory is a leading supplier of memory upgrades, solid state drives, portable computing products, and storage devices. EDGE was originally founded in 1986 and is now backed by the largest manufacturer of domestically produced memory modules and solid state drives.  EDGE products are produced in our state-of-the-art ISO-9001:2008 facility. Our U.S. based engineering and manufacturing facilities provide us with the unique ability to customize projects and provide quick product delivery to all areas of the U.S. All EDGE products come backed by a superior product warranty and quality guarantee.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124575/1306124575_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124575/1306124575_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1306124575.p?id=mp1306124575&skuId=1306124575",
      "sku": 1306124575,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 4GB PC310600 Non-ECC UNBUFFERED Memory",
      "modelNumber": "KX735-69001-PE",
      "regularPrice": 30.64,
      "shortDescription": "4GB (1 x 4GB) - 1333MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - DDR3 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240434/1307240434_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240434/1307240434_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-4gb-pc310600-non-ecc-unbuffered-memory/1307240434.p?id=mp1307240434&skuId=1307240434",
      "sku": 1307240434,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 512MB DDR SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "Q7723A-PE",
      "regularPrice": 22.33,
      "shortDescription": "512MB (1 x 512MB) - DDR SDRAM - 200-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307236/1307236444/1307236444_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307236/1307236444/1307236444_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-512mb-ddr-sdram-memory-module/1307236444.p?id=mp1307236444&skuId=1307236444",
      "sku": 1307236444,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - 73P3846-PE 2GB Pc24200 Non-ECC 200Pin DDR2 SODIMM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "73P3846-PE",
      "regularPrice": 36.98,
      "shortDescription": "2GB (1 x 2GB) - 533MHz DDR2-533/PC2-4200 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237441/1307237441_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237441/1307237441_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-73p3846-pe-2gb-pc24200-non-ecc-200pin-ddr2-sodimm-memory/1307237441.p?id=mp1307237441&skuId=1307237441",
      "sku": 1307237441,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - AH060AA-PE 2GB PC26400 Non-ECC 240 PIN UNBUFFERED DD Memory",
      "modelNumber": "AH060AA-PE",
      "regularPrice": 24.65,
      "shortDescription": "2GB - 800MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307238/1307238530/1307238530_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307238/1307238530/1307238530_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-ah060aa-pe-2gb-pc26400-non-ecc-240-pin-unbuffered-dd-memory/1307238530.p?id=mp1307238530&skuId=1307238530",
      "sku": 1307238530,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - AT024AA-PE 2GB Pc310600 Non-ECC Unbuffered Memory - Multi",
      "modelNumber": "AT024AA-PE",
      "regularPrice": 15.99,
      "shortDescription": "2GB (1 x 2GB) - 1333MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - DDR3 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE Memory upgrades are backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306327/1306327440/1306327440_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306327/1306327440/1306327440_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-at024aa-pe-2gb-pc310600-non-ecc-unbuffered-memory-multi/1306327440.p?id=mp1306327440&skuId=1306327440",
      "sku": 1306327440,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - At913Aa-Pe 4GB Pc310600 204 Pin DDR3 SODIMM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "AT913AA-PE",
      "regularPrice": 26.09,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240649/1307240649_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240649/1307240649_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-at913aa-pe-4gb-pc310600-204-pin-ddr3-sodimm-memory/1307240649.p?id=mp1307240649&skuId=1307240649",
      "sku": 1307240649,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Ce483A-Pe 512Mb Pc23200 144 Pin DDR2 SODIMM (X32) Memory",
      "modelNumber": "CE483A-PE",
      "regularPrice": 42.38,
      "shortDescription": "512 MB - DDR2 SDRAM - 400 MHz DDR2-400/PC2-3200 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 144-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240915/1307240915_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240915/1307240915_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-ce483a-pe-512mb-pc23200-144-pin-ddr2-sodimm-x32-memory/1307240915.p?id=mp1307240915&skuId=1307240915",
      "sku": 1307240915,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - CORPORATION D5240-223953-PE 4GB PC310600 DDR3 240PIN DIMM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "D5240-223953-PE",
      "regularPrice": 26.09,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE was founded in 1986 and has since grown to become one of the world's leading suppliers of memory upgrades and experience-enhancing technology solutions. Its flagship product line is the EDGE brand of memory upgrade modules. All Memory Modules from EDGE are manufactured to exact OEM specifications.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240342/1307240342_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240342/1307240342_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-corporation-d5240-223953-pe-4gb-pc310600-ddr3-240pin-dimm-memory/1307240342.p?id=mp1307240342&skuId=1307240342",
      "sku": 1307240342,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - CORPORATION VH638AA-PE 4GB PC310600 DDR3 240PIN DIMM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "VH638AA-PE",
      "regularPrice": 49.27,
      "shortDescription": "4GB (1 x 4GB) - 1333MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - DDR3 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE Memory upgrades are backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240465/1307240465_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240465/1307240465_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-corporation-vh638aa-pe-4gb-pc310600-ddr3-240pin-dimm-memory/1307240465.p?id=mp1307240465&skuId=1307240465",
      "sku": 1307240465,
      "customerReviewAverage": "5.0"
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - D1240-207434-PE 2 GB Fb-Dimm DDR2 533 Mhz/Pc2-4200 Ecc Memory",
      "modelNumber": "D1240-207434-PE",
      "regularPrice": 59.16,
      "shortDescription": "2GB - 533MHz DDR2-533/PC2-4200 - ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237250/1307237250_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237250/1307237250_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-d1240-207434-pe-2-gb-fb-dimm-ddr2-533-mhz-pc2-4200-ecc-memory/1307237250.p?id=mp1307237250&skuId=1307237250",
      "sku": 1307237250,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - EVXNB-214654-PE 1GB Pc24200 Non-ECC 200 Pin UB DDR2 Memory",
      "modelNumber": "EVXNB-214654-PE",
      "regularPrice": 19.32,
      "shortDescription": "1GB - 533MHz DDR2-533/PC2-4200 - Non-ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307238/1307238141/1307238141_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307238/1307238141/1307238141_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-evxnb-214654-pe-1gb-pc24200-non-ecc-200-pin-ub-ddr2-memory/1307238141.p?id=mp1307238141&skuId=1307238141",
      "sku": 1307238141,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - KTT667D2/2G-PE 2 GB Memory SO DIMM 200-pin",
      "modelNumber": "KTT667D2/2G-PE",
      "regularPrice": 36.07,
      "shortDescription": "2GB (1 x 2GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - DDR2 SDRAM - 200-pin",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237595/1307237595_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307237/1307237595/1307237595_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-ktt667d2-2g-pe-2-gb-memory-so-dimm-200-pin/1307237595.p?id=mp1307237595&skuId=1307237595",
      "sku": 1307237595,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - NL797AA-PE 4GB Pc3-10600 1333Mhz Memory",
      "modelNumber": "NL797AA-PE",
      "regularPrice": 30.89,
      "shortDescription": "4GB - 1333MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - DDR3 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE Memory products provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. Peripheral's trademarked, distinctive blue EDGE is our assurance to users that they have purchased a high quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed our rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE Memory upgrades are backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240151/1307240151_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307240/1307240151/1307240151_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-nl797aa-pe-4gb-pc3-10600-1333mhz-memory/1307240151.p?id=mp1307240151&skuId=1307240151",
      "sku": 1307240151,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Refurbished - 2GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE215736",
      "regularPrice": 13.49,
      "shortDescription": "Refurbished - 2 GB (1 x 2 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124520/1306124520_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124520/1306124520_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-refurbished-2gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1306124520.p?id=mp1306124520&skuId=1306124520",
      "sku": 1306124520,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - Refurbished - 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "PE225476",
      "regularPrice": 25.49,
      "shortDescription": "Refurbished - 4 GB - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "Edge PE225476 4 GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module features SO DIMM 204-pin Form Factor and 1333 MHz Memory Speed.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124544/1306124544_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306124/1306124544/1306124544_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-refurbished-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1306124544.p?id=mp1306124544&skuId=1306124544",
      "sku": 1306124544,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EDGE - SUPMB-192440-PE 1GB Pc2100 ECC Registered DDR Dimm Memory",
      "modelNumber": "SUPMB-192440-PE",
      "regularPrice": 30.95,
      "shortDescription": "1GB - 266MHz DDR266/PC2100 - ECC - DDR SDRAM - 184-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "EDGE memory upgrades provide maximum power, speed, quality and reliability. The trademarked, distinctive blue edge that appears on all EDGE memory upgrades is our assurance to you that you have purchased a top quality memory upgrade that meets or exceeds the OEM's specifications and has passed through rigorous quality control processes. All EDGE memory upgrades are double tested prior to shipment and backed by a lifetime warranty.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307233/1307233665/1307233665_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307233/1307233665/1307233665_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/edge-supmb-192440-pe-1gb-pc2100-ecc-registered-ddr-dimm-memory/1307233665.p?id=mp1307233665&skuId=1307233665",
      "sku": 1307233665,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Elo - 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "E309480",
      "regularPrice": 70.83,
      "shortDescription": "1 GB - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Elo E309480 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module - 1 GB - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307244/1307244890/1307244890_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307244/1307244890/1307244890_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/elo-1gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1307244890.p?id=mp1307244890&skuId=1307244890",
      "sku": 1307244890,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EP Memory - 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "AA533D2N4-1G",
      "regularPrice": 15.44,
      "shortDescription": "1 GB - DDR2 SDRAM - 533 MHz DDR2-533/PC2-4200 - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "Add-On Computer's entire line of laptop, desktop, workstation, server and router memory modules allows you and your business to be more efficient.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304757/1304757270/1304757270_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304757/1304757270/1304757270_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ep-memory-1gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1304757270.p?id=mp1304757270&skuId=1304757270",
      "sku": 1304757270,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "EP Memory - Refurbished - 1GB DDR SDRAM Memory Module 184-pin 333 MHz",
      "modelNumber": "AA32C12864-PC333",
      "regularPrice": 21.97,
      "shortDescription": "Refurbished - 1 GB - DDR SDRAM - 333 MHz - 184-pin",
      "longDescription": "Add-On Computer's entire line of memory modules allows you and your business to be more efficient. Our memory line includes the most reliable & high performing memory modules.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306064/1306064710/1306064710_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306064/1306064710/1306064710_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/ep-memory-refurbished-1gb-ddr-sdram-memory-module-184-pin-333-mhz/1306064710.p?id=mp1306064710&skuId=1306064710",
      "sku": 1306064710,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fender - 2GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "CT2G3S1339M",
      "regularPrice": 17.91,
      "shortDescription": "2 GB (1 x 2 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521658/1305521658_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521658/1305521658_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fender-2gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1305521658.p?id=mp1305521658&skuId=1305521658",
      "sku": 1305521658,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fender - 4GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "CT2K2G2S800M",
      "regularPrice": 56.97,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (2 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 800 MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - 1.80 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 200-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521610/1305521610_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521610/1305521610_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fender-4gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1305521610.p?id=mp1305521610&skuId=1305521610",
      "sku": 1305521610,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fender - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G3S160BM",
      "regularPrice": 40.27,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772881/1307772881_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307772/1307772881/1307772881_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fender-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1307772881.p?id=mp1307772881&skuId=1307772881",
      "sku": 1307772881,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "Fender - 8GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "CT8G3S1339M",
      "regularPrice": 39.73,
      "shortDescription": "8 GB (1 x 8 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - 1.35 V - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 204-pin - SoDIMM",
      "longDescription": "When you buy Crucial memory, you're buying directly from the largest DRAM manufacturer in America and one of the top three in the world. Crucial Technology is a division of Micron. We have more than 20 years of industry experience, most efficient DRAM manufacturer, and many of the world's leading computer manufacturers use our memory. Crucial brings that same high-quality memory directly to you, the end consumer.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521696/1305521696_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305521/1305521696/1305521696_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/fender-8gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1305521696.p?id=mp1305521696&skuId=1305521696",
      "sku": 1305521696,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 16GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "413015-B21",
      "regularPrice": 255.32,
      "shortDescription": "16GB (2 x 8GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin",
      "longDescription": "HP 16GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module - 16GB (2 x 8GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307257/1307257418/1307257418_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307257/1307257418/1307257418_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-16gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1307257418.p?id=mp1307257418&skuId=1307257418",
      "sku": 1307257418,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 16GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "672631-B21",
      "regularPrice": 245.57,
      "shortDescription": "16 GB (1 x 16 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - RegisteredDIMM",
      "longDescription": "HP 16GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 16 GB (1 x 16 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - RegisteredDIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305541/1305541922/1305541922_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1305/1305541/1305541922/1305541922_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-16gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1305541922.p?id=mp1305541922&skuId=1305541922",
      "sku": 1305541922,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "450259-S21",
      "regularPrice": 28.03,
      "shortDescription": "1GB (1 x 1GB) - 800MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "longDescription": "HP 1GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module - 1GB (1 x 1GB) - 800MHz DDR2-800/PC2-6400 - ECC - DDR2 SDRAM - 240-pin DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304817/1304817097/1304817097_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304817/1304817097/1304817097_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-1gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1304817097.p?id=mp1304817097&skuId=1304817097",
      "sku": 1304817097,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 2GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "500670-B21",
      "regularPrice": 45.39,
      "shortDescription": "2GB (1 x 2GB) - 1333MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - DDR3 SDRAM",
      "longDescription": "Use HP server memory options to improve the performance of your ProLiant servers and data centers. Infrastructure matters. It's the foundation for all the information and applications of your business. You trust ProLiant quality for its reliability and performance to keep your infrastructure running. Server memory is one of the most critical components; even the slightest defect can result in downtime that could shut down your business. Choose HP server memory options for the same quality, integration, reliability and confidence that come with ProLiant.",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308468/1308468448/1308468448_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1308/1308468/1308468448/1308468448_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-2gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1308468448.p?id=mp1308468448&skuId=1308468448",
      "sku": 1308468448,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 397415-B21 8GB FBD PC2-5300 Ram Memory",
      "modelNumber": "397415-B21",
      "regularPrice": 498.33,
      "shortDescription": "8GB (2 x 4GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - DDR2 SDRAM",
      "longDescription": "HP 8GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module - 8GB (2 x 4GB) - 667MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300 - DDR2 SDRAM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307257/1307257395/1307257395_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307257/1307257395/1307257395_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-397415-b21-8gb-fbd-pc2-5300-ram-memory/1307257395.p?id=mp1307257395&skuId=1307257395",
      "sku": 1307257395,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 4GB (1 x 4GB) DDR3-1600 NON-ECC RAM Memory",
      "modelNumber": "B1S53AA",
      "regularPrice": 163.58,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "HP 4GB (1x4GB) DDR3-1600 Non-ECC RAM - 4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1600 MHz DDR3-1600/PC3-12800 - Non-ECC - Unbuffered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304764/1304764070/1304764070_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1304/1304764/1304764070/1304764070_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-4gb-1-x-4gb-ddr3-1600-non-ecc-ram-memory/1304764070.p?id=mp1304764070&skuId=1304764070",
      "sku": 1304764070,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 4GB (1X4GB) DDR3-1866 ECC REG RAM",
      "modelNumber": "E2Q92AA",
      "regularPrice": 178.37,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz - ECC - Registered",
      "longDescription": "HP 4GB (1X4GB) DDR3-1866 ECC REG RAM - 4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1866 MHz - ECC - Registered",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310578/1310578807/1310578807_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1310/1310578/1310578807/1310578807_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-4gb-1x4gb-ddr3-1866-ecc-reg-ram/1310578807.p?id=mp1310578807&skuId=1310578807",
      "sku": 1310578807,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 4GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "397413-B21",
      "regularPrice": 41.13,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (2 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 667 MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300",
      "longDescription": "HP 4GB DDR2 SDRAM Memory Module - 4 GB (2 x 2 GB) - DDR2 SDRAM - 667 MHz DDR2-667/PC2-5300",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307694/1307694183/1307694183_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1307/1307694/1307694183/1307694183_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-4gb-ddr2-sdram-memory-module/1307694183.p?id=mp1307694183&skuId=1307694183",
      "sku": 1307694183,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    },
    {
      "name": "HP - 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module",
      "modelNumber": "647871-B21",
      "regularPrice": 96.12,
      "shortDescription": "4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "longDescription": "HP 4GB DDR3 SDRAM Memory Module - 4 GB (1 x 4 GB) - DDR3 SDRAM - 1333 MHz DDR3-1333/PC3-10600 - ECC - Registered - 240-pin - DIMM",
      "image": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306461/1306461120/1306461120_105x210_sc.jpg",
      "thumbnailImage": "http://img.bbystatic.com/BestBuy_US/images/mp/products/1306/1306461/1306461120/1306461120_54x108_s.gif",
      "url": "http://www.bestbuy.com/site/hp-4gb-ddr3-sdram-memory-module/1306461120.p?id=mp1306461120&skuId=1306461120",
      "sku": 1306461120,
      "customerReviewAverage": null
    }
  ]
})
